The Eleanor Lancaster was a 3-masted barque built at Maryport in 1839.	masted barque built,eleanor lancaster,maryport,1839
Raytown C-2 School District, doing business as "Raytown Quality Schools" (RQS), is a school district headquartered in Raytown, Missouri in the Kansas City metropolitan area.	kansas city metropolitan area,school district headquartered,raytown quality schools,rqs ),,raytown c,raytown,missouri,business
The Aérospatiale Gazelle (company designations SA 340, SA 341 and SA 342) is a French five-seat helicopter, commonly used for light transport, scouting and light attack duties.	light attack duties,sa 341,light transport,seat helicopter,french five,commonly used,aérospatiale gazelle,scouting
Young Barney Aaron (born June 27, 1836 in Aldgate, London, England; died June 4, 1907, in Long Island, New York) was a bare-knuckle boxer.	young barney aaron,born june 27,new york,long island,knuckle boxer,london,england,bare,aldgate,1836
Not to be confused with the businessman of the same name, chairman of Bwin.Party Digital EntertainmentSimon Duffy (born 13 February 1965) was formerly the chief executive of the social enterprise company In Control.	party digital entertainmentsimon duffy,social enterprise company,chief executive,name,formerly,control,confused,chairman,bwin,businessman
Glenfiddich is a Speyside single malt Scotch whisky owned and produced by William Grant & Sons in Dufftown, Scotland.	speyside single malt scotch whisky owned,william grant,sons,scotland,produced,glenfiddich,dufftown
Steffi Graf was the defending champion, but lost in the semifinals to Mary Pierce.	steffi graf,mary pierce,defending champion,semifinals,lost
Abdul Ahad Azad (Urdu; عُبد الاحد آزاد) (1903–1948) was a well known Kashmiri poet.	ع ُ بد الاحد آزاد,well known kashmiri poet,abdul ahad azad,urdu
Nicrophorus validus is a burying beetle described by Portevin in 1920 and distributed in the Himalayas, Nepal, and Tibet.	burying beetle described,nicrophorus validus,tibet,portevin,nepal,himalayas,distributed
The Light Flyweight class in the boxing at the 2008 Summer Olympics competition is the lightest class.	light flyweight class,lightest class,boxing
Tawny Marie Ellis (born December 25, 1981 in Los Angeles, California) is an American film producer and daughter of stuntman turned director David R. Ellis.	stuntman turned director david r,american film producer,tawny marie ellis,los angeles,ellis,daughter,california
Norman May (born 1917) was a Canadian wrestler.	norman may,canadian wrestler
Paull Holme Tower is an unusual late-medieval fortified tower in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	paull holme tower,medieval fortified tower,unusual late,east riding,yorkshire,england
James Bond 007: Nightfire is a first-person shooter video game featuring the character of the British secret agent James Bond and a sequel to Agent Under Fire, published by Electronic Arts in 2002.	person shooter video game featuring,british secret agent james bond,electronic arts,agent,sequel,published,nightfire,first,fire,character
Shankar Guru (Tamil: சங்கர் குரு) is a 1987 Indian Tamil action film, directed by Raja and produced by M. Saravanan and M. Balasubramanian.	சங ் கர ் க ு ர ு),shankar guru,tamil,saravanan,raja,produced,directed,balasubramanian
Matt Iseman (born January 22, 1971) is an American comedian, actor, and television host, who began his career as a physician.	television host,matt iseman,american comedian,physician,career,began,actor
Pachydactylus vansoni, commonly known as Van Son's thick-toed gecko or Van Son's gecko, is a species of gecko, which is endemic to Southern Africa.	van son,southern africa,pachydactylus vansoni,commonly known,toed gecko,gecko,thick,species,endemic
The men's 200 metres event at the 2007 Summer Universiade was held on 12–13 August.	2007 summer universiade,men,held
Vincent Joseph Boveington (3 March 1903 – 1980) was a British rower and author.	vincent joseph boveington,british rower,author
Micaela Belén Vázquez (born November 24, 1986) is an Argentine actress.	micaela belén vázquez,argentine actress
Wicklund is a surname.	wicklund,surname
Double Knob is a summit in the U.S. state of Georgia.	double knob,u,summit,state,georgia
Cotillas is a municipality in Albacete, Castile-La Mancha, Spain.	la mancha,spain,municipality,cotillas,castile,albacete
Apayao (Ilokano: Probinsia ti Apayao) is a landlocked province in the Philippines in the Cordillera Administrative Region in Luzon.	cordillera administrative region,probinsia ti apayao,landlocked province,apayao,philippines,luzon,ilokano
Tower of Babel is a 2000 comic book storyline that ran in the DC Comics monthly series JLA #43-46.	dc comics monthly series jla,tower,ran,babel,43
Shima Yoshitake (島 義勇, October 26, 1822 – April 13, 1874) was a samurai from Saga domain.	島 義勇,shima yoshitake,saga domain,samurai
TDRS-10, known before launch as TDRS-J, is an American communications satellite which is operated by NASA as part of the Tracking and Data Relay Satellite System.	data relay satellite system,american communications satellite,tracking,tdrs,part,operated,nasa,launch,known,j
Kuchek-e Sofla (Persian: كوچك سفلي‎, also Romanized as Kūchek-e Soflá; also known as Kūchek-e Pā'īn) is a village in Sara Rural District, in the Central District of Saqqez County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	كوچك سفلي ‎, also romanized,sara rural district,also known,central district,saqqez county,kurdistan province,e soflá,e sofla,e pā,īn,village,persian,kūchek,kuchek,iran
Cold Fairyland (Chinese: 冷酷仙境; pinyin: Lěngkù Xiānjìng) is a Chinese rock music group based in Shanghai, China.	chinese rock music group based,lěngkù xiānjìng,cold fairyland,chinese,冷酷仙境,shanghai,pinyin,china
The Essential Cyndi Lauper is a compilation by American pop singer Cyndi Lauper.	american pop singer cyndi lauper,essential cyndi lauper,compilation
Fear, Anxiety & Depression is a 1989 American comedy film written and directed by Todd Solondz and starring Solondz, Stanley Tucci and Jill Wisoff.	todd solondz,starring solondz,stanley tucci,jill wisoff,fear,directed,depression,anxiety
Harnai is a village in Dapoli C.D. block, in Ratnagiri district, Maharashtra state in Western India.	western india,ratnagiri district,maharashtra state,dapoli c,village,harnai,block
This article describes the grammar of Afrikaans, a language spoken in South Africa which originated from 17th century Dutch.	south africa,language spoken,article describes,originated,grammar,afrikaans
Power Rangers Lost Galaxy is an American television series and the seventh season of the Power Rangers franchise, based on the Super Sentai series Seijuu Sentai Gingaman.	super sentai series seijuu sentai gingaman,power rangers lost galaxy,american television series,power rangers franchise,seventh season,based
Tamás Berzicza (born August 15, 1975 in Zalaegerszeg) is a retired amateur Hungarian Greco-Roman wrestler, who competed in the men's middleweight category.	retired amateur hungarian greco,tamás berzicza,roman wrestler,middleweight category,zalaegerszeg,men,competed
Trevor railway station was formerly a station on the Ruabon to Barmouth Line in north-east Wales.	trevor railway station,east wales,barmouth line,station,ruabon,north,formerly
Hirzel Pass, elevation 672 metres (2,205 ft), is a mountain pass in the Alps between the cantons of Zürich and Zug in Switzerland.	205 ft ),,mountain pass,hirzel pass,zürich,zug,switzerland,cantons,alps
Thomas M Chambers was a Canadian international lawn bowls player who competed in the 1930 British Empire Games for Scotland.	canadian international lawn bowls player,thomas,scotland,competed,chambers
View of the Dam and Damrak at Amsterdam is a 17th-century oil on canvas painting by the Dutch Golden Age painter Jacob van Ruisdael.	dutch golden age painter jacob van ruisdael,century oil,canvas painting,view,damrak,dam,amsterdam
Lempkeella avellana is a moth of the subfamily Arctiinae.	subfamily arctiinae,lempkeella avellana,moth
Pedubast (also Padibast, or Padibastet) was an ancient Egyptian official during the 26th Dynasty.	ancient egyptian official,also padibast,pedubast,padibastet
Austromitra cinnamomea is a species of small sea snail, marine gastropod mollusk in the family Costellariidae, the ribbed miters.	small sea snail,marine gastropod mollusk,ribbed miters,family costellariidae,austromitra cinnamomea,species
Verena Wagner Lafferentz (born 2 December 1920) is the fourth child and youngest daughter of Winifred and Siegfried Wagner and the granddaughter of German composer Richard Wagner.	german composer richard wagner,verena wagner lafferentz,siegfried wagner,youngest daughter,fourth child,winifred,granddaughter
Mon Ket, also known as Dany, is a 2018 Belgian drama film directed by François Damiens in his directorial debut.	mon ket,françois damiens,directorial debut,also known,dany
Limnaecia iriastis is a moth of the family Cosmopterigidae.	limnaecia iriastis,family cosmopterigidae,moth
Guineica is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:	following species,family carabidae,guineica,genus,containing,beetles
The Story's Been Told is the fourth album by Jamaican reggae group Third World, released by Island Records in 1979.	jamaican reggae group third world,island records,fourth album,told,story,released
Dollar Dry Dock Savings Bank was a savings bank that operated in New York City from 1983 until it suffered from bank failure in 1992.	dollar dry dock savings bank,new york city,savings bank,bank failure,suffered,operated,1983
The Balkan mixed forests constitute a terrestrial ecoregion of Europe according to both the WWF and Digital Map of European Ecological Regions by the European Environment Agency.	balkan mixed forests constitute,european environment agency,european ecological regions,terrestrial ecoregion,europe according,digital map,wwf
Tovata is one of three confederacies comprising the Fijian House of Chiefs, to which all of Fiji's chiefs belong.	three confederacies comprising,fijian house,chiefs belong,chiefs,tovata,one,fiji
Kiss My Ass: The Video, also known as Kiss My Ass: Classic Kiss Regrooved, is a long form music video program released in 1994 on VHS and laserdisc by American hard rock band Kiss.	long form music video program released,american hard rock band kiss,classic kiss regrooved,also known,video,kiss,vhs,laserdisc,ass
The MTV Video Music Awards Japan are the Japanese version of the MTV Video Music Awards.	mtv video music awards japan,mtv video music awards,japanese version
A kier or keeve (or similar spellings) is a large circular boiler or vat used in bleaching or scouring cotton fabric.	scouring cotton fabric,large circular boiler,vat used,similar spellings,kier,keeve,bleaching
John James "Jack" Adams (June 14, 1894 – May 1, 1968) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player, coach and general manager in the National Hockey League and Pacific Coast Hockey Association.	canadian professional ice hockey player,pacific coast hockey association,national hockey league,john james,general manager,jack,coach,adams
Össjö Castle (Swedish: Össjö gård) is a manor house in Ängelholm Municipality in Scania, Sweden.	össjö gård,össjö castle,ängelholm municipality,manor house,swedish,sweden,scania
Messenger service is a network-based system notification Windows service by Microsoft that was included in some earlier versions of Microsoft Windows.	based system notification windows service,messenger service,microsoft windows,earlier versions,microsoft,network,included
Phila (Greek: Φίλα τῆς Ἐλίμειας), sister of Derdas and Machatas of Elimeia, was the first or second wife of Philip II of Macedon.	φίλα τῆς ἐλίμειας ), sister,second wife,philip ii,phila,machatas,macedon,greek,first,elimeia,derdas
The Near East and South Asia Undergraduate Exchange Program or Near East, South Asia, and Sub-Saharan Africa Undergraduate Exchange Program is an American international student exchange program.	saharan africa undergraduate exchange program,american international student exchange program,south asia undergraduate exchange program,south asia,near east,sub
Higinio Ortúzar Santamaria (10 January 1915 – 8 November 1982) was a Chilean footballer who played in Spain for Barakaldo CF, Athletic Bilbao, Valencia CF, Real Valladolid and Real Sociedad.While at Athletic (one of few players born outside the Basque region to play for the club under their signing policy), he won a League and Cup double in 1943, and followed this up with further league titles playing for Valencia in 1944 and 1947.	signing policy ),,players born outside,higinio ortúzar santamaria,league titles playing,real valladolid,real sociedad,cup double,chilean footballer,basque region,barakaldo cf,valencia cf,athletic bilbao,league,valencia,athletic,spain,played,play,one,followed,club,1944
Milford Lane is a narrow street in the City of Westminster that runs from Strand in the north to a brief walkway section leading to Temple Place in the south.	brief walkway section leading,temple place,narrow street,milford lane,westminster,strand,south,runs,north,city
Spider-Man 2099 is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.	american comic books published,fictional superhero appearing,marvel comics,spider
Ghosts Can't Do It is a 1989 American romantic crime fantasy comedy film written and directed by John Derek, and starring Bo Derek and Anthony Quinn.The film was shot in 1989 and released on home video the same year in Australia.	starring bo derek,john derek,film,home video,anthony quinn,year,shot,released,ghosts,directed,australia
Vikhammer Station is a railway station located in the village of Vikhammer in the municipality of Malvik in Trøndelag county, Norway.	railway station located,vikhammer station,trøndelag county,vikhammer,village,norway,municipality,malvik
In Turkic mythology, Hortdan (Azerbaijani: Xortdan, Turkish: Hortlak, Tuvan: Хортан) is the troubled soul of the dead rising from the grave.	turkic mythology,troubled soul,dead rising,хортан,xortdan,tuvan,turkish,hortlak,hortdan,grave,azerbaijani
Minority Opinion (Hangul: 소수의견; RR: Sosuuigyeon), released internationally as The Unfair, is a 2015 South Korean courtroom drama film written and directed by Kim Sung-je, starring Yoon Kye-sang, Yoo Hae-jin and Kim Ok-bin.	sosuuigyeon ), released internationally,starring yoon kye,yoo hae,minority opinion,kim sung,kim ok,소수의견,unfair,sang,rr,jin,je,hangul,directed,bin
Andreas Kronthaler (b.	andreas kronthaler,b
The Royal Military College (RMC) Paladins are the athletic teams that represent Royal Military College of Canada in Kingston, Ontario, Canada.	represent royal military college,royal military college,athletic teams,rmc,paladins,ontario,kingston,canada
Virgil Stuart Ferguson (1844–1912) was an Illinois attorney and Republican politician.	virgil stuart ferguson,republican politician,illinois attorney
Jeff Loomis (born September 14, 1971) is an American musician, best known for his role as lead guitarist in the progressive metal band Nevermore.	progressive metal band nevermore,lead guitarist,jeff loomis,best known,american musician,role
Xiu Xiu () is an American experimental band, formed in 2002 by singer-songwriter Jamie Stewart in San Jose, California.	xiu xiu (),songwriter jamie stewart,american experimental band,san jose,singer,formed,california
Paragyrtis was a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.	family geometridae,paragyrtis,moth,genus
Viertel (literally "quarter") is a centrally located neighborhood in the city of Bremen, Germany.	centrally located neighborhood,quarter "),viertel,literally,germany,city,bremen
Gvardeysky District (Russian: Гварде́йский райо́н) is an administrative district (raion), one of the fifteen in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia.	гварде ́ йский райо ́ н,raion ), one,kaliningrad oblast,gvardeysky district,administrative district,russian,russia,fifteen
The Zephyrhills News, located in Zephyrhills, Florida, United States, is a weekly broadsheet newspaper located in Pasco County just north of Tampa.	weekly broadsheet newspaper located,united states,pasco county,zephyrhills news,located,zephyrhills,tampa,north,florida
The BAPS Shri Swaminarayan Mandir of Abu Dhabi, UAE is a traditional Hindu place of worship that is being built by the BAPS Swaminarayan Sanstha.	baps shri swaminarayan mandir,baps swaminarayan sanstha,traditional hindu place,abu dhabi,worship,uae,built
A Conversation with Oscar Wilde is an outdoor sculpture by Maggi Hambling in central London.	outdoor sculpture,oscar wilde,maggi hambling,central london,conversation
The Wyperfeld National Park is the third largest national park in Victoria, Australia, located in the Mallee district, approximately 450 kilometres (280 mi) northwest of Melbourne, The national park was declared in 1921 and expanded significantly to protect 357,017 hectares (882,210 acres) of mallee, woodland, and heathland.	third largest national park,wyperfeld national park,national park,expanded significantly,210 acres,mallee district,mallee,woodland,victoria,northwest,melbourne,located,heathland,declared,australia,1921
Théophile Raynaud (15 November 1583 – 31 October 1663) was a French Jesuit theologian and writer.	french jesuit theologian,théophile raynaud,writer
Oakham School is a cricket ground in Oakham, England.	cricket ground,oakham school,oakham,england
The 1948 Ottawa Rough Riders finished in 1st place in the Interprovincial Rugby Football Union with a 10–2 record but lost the Grey Cup game to the Calgary Stampeders.	interprovincial rugby football union,grey cup game,calgary stampeders,lost
John Horatio Busst (1909–1971) was an artist and conservationist in Queensland, Australia.	john horatio busst,queensland,conservationist,australia,artist
Chester "Ches" McCance (February 19, 1915 – May 8, 1956), was a Canadian football wide receiver and placekicker who played thirteen seasons in professional gridiron football, mainly for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers.	canadian football wide receiver,professional gridiron football,winnipeg blue bombers,played thirteen seasons,1956 ),,placekicker,mccance,mainly,chester,ches
Kisnamény is a village in Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg county, in the Northern Great Plain region of eastern Hungary.	northern great plain region,eastern hungary,bereg county,village,szatmár,szabolcs,kisnamény
Ryan Alan Hade (c.	ryan alan hade,c
Raza Academy is a Sunni Barelvi organization of Indian Sufi Muslims that promotes Islamic beliefs through publications and research.	sunni barelvi organization,promotes islamic beliefs,indian sufi muslims,raza academy,research,publications
Mołstowo [mɔu̯sˈtɔvɔ] (formerly German Molstow) is a settlement in the administrative district of Gmina Resko, within Łobez County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-western Poland.	within łobez county,west pomeranian voivodeship,mɔu ̯ sˈtɔvɔ,formerly german molstow,western poland,gmina resko,administrative district,settlement,north,mołstowo
Tathlina Lake is a large, shallow lake, located in the Northwest Territories, Canada.	tathlina lake,shallow lake,northwest territories,located,large,canada
Malo Ruvci is a village in Municipality of Prilep, Republic of Macedonia.	malo ruvci,village,republic,prilep,municipality,macedonia
MySecureCyberspace began in 2003 as an initiative by Carnegie Mellon CyLab and the Information Networking Institute to educate the public about computer security, network security and Internet safety.	information networking institute,carnegie mellon cylab,network security,mysecurecyberspace began,internet safety,computer security,public,initiative,educate
Gabriel Laderman (December 26, 1929 – March 10, 2011) was a New York painter and an early and important exponent of the Figurative revival of the 1950s and '60s.He studied with a number of leading American painters, including Hofmann, de Kooning, and Rothko.	new york painter,leading american painters,including hofmann,important exponent,gabriel laderman,figurative revival,de kooning,studied,rothko,number,early,2011
Toyoake Station (豊明駅, Toyoake-eki)  is a railway station on the Meitetsu Nagoya Main Line located in Toyoake, Aichi, Japan.	meitetsu nagoya main line located,railway station,toyoake station,toyoake,豊明駅,japan,eki,aichi
Arbéost (Arbiost in Occitan) is a commune in the Hautes-Pyrénées department in southwestern France.	southwestern france,pyrénées department,occitan,hautes,commune,arbéost,arbiost
MySims Party is a video game developed and published by Electronic Arts as a spinoff to Maxis' The Sims franchise for the Nintendo DS and Wii in 2009.	video game developed,sims franchise,nintendo ds,mysims party,electronic arts,wii,spinoff,published,maxis
Pérignac is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.	southwestern france,charente department,pérignac,commune
Pigalle is a station on lines 2 and 12 of the Paris Métro, named after the Place Pigalle, which commemorates the sculptor Jean-Baptiste Pigalle (1714–1785) on the border of the 9th and the 18th arrondissement.	sculptor jean,paris métro,18th arrondissement,place pigalle,baptiste pigalle,pigalle,station,named,commemorates,border,12
USS Flint (CL-97) was a modified Atlanta-class light cruiser, sometimes referred to as an "Oakland-class".	class light cruiser,class ".,uss flint,sometimes referred,modified atlanta,oakland,cl
Cathy Glass is a British author, freelance writer and foster carer.	freelance writer,foster carer,cathy glass,british author
The Linggadjati Agreement (Linggajati in modern Indonesian spelling) was a political accord concluded on 15 November 1946 by the Dutch administration and the unilaterally declared Republic of Indonesia in the village of Liggarjati, near Cirebon in which the Dutch recognised the republic as the de facto authority in Java, Madura and Sumatra.	political accord concluded,modern indonesian spelling,de facto authority,unilaterally declared republic,near cirebon,linggadjati agreement,dutch recognised,dutch administration,republic,village,sumatra,madura,linggajati,liggarjati,java,indonesia
Moussa Said (born 2 October 1938) is an Ethiopian sprinter.	moussa said,ethiopian sprinter
Chipping Sodbury is a market town in the unitary authority of South Gloucestershire, south-west England, founded in the 12th century by William Crassus (or le Gros).	le gros ).,william crassus,west england,unitary authority,market town,chipping sodbury,south gloucestershire,south,founded
Köpetdag Stadium is a multi-purpose stadium in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan.	purpose stadium,köpetdag stadium,turkmenistan,multi,ashgabat
Tulse Hill is a district in the London Borough of Lambeth in south London, England.	tulse hill,south london,london borough,lambeth,england,district
The Joessel-class submarines were a class of two diesel-electric attack submarines built for the French Navy laid down before the start of World War I and completed after.	electric attack submarines built,french navy laid,class submarines,world war,two diesel,class,start,joessel,completed
Phil Fox (born August 17, 1985) was an American professional ice hockey player.	american professional ice hockey player,phil fox
The deepwater sicklefin houndshark (Hemitriakis abdita) or the darksnout houndshark, is a houndshark of the family Triakidae.	deepwater sicklefin houndshark,hemitriakis abdita,family triakidae,darksnout houndshark,houndshark
Maurice Eugene Evans (born November 8, 1978) is a retired American professional basketball player.	retired american professional basketball player,maurice eugene evans,1978
Danny Murnane (23 March 1926 – 18 April 2016) was an Australian rules footballer who played with St Kilda in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	victorian football league,australian rules footballer,vfl ).,st kilda,danny murnane,played
Holiday Trip of a Lifetime is the third studio album by Australian pop-rock band End of Fashion.	third studio album,rock band end,holiday trip,australian pop,lifetime,fashion
School for Deaf, sometimes School for Deaf & Dumb, is a special school for deaf and dumb children located in Barnala city of Punjab.	dumb children located,barnala city,special school,sometimes school,dumb,school,punjab,deaf
Carl Andersson (3 January 1877 – 4 January 1956) was a Swedish long-distance runner.	swedish long,distance runner,carl andersson
Leung Chi Wing (Chinese: 梁志榮; Jyutping: loeng4 zi3 wing4; born 29 April 1978 in Hong Kong) is a Hong Kong football coach and player.	hong kong football coach,leung chi wing,hong kong,梁志榮,player,jyutping,chinese
The 2003 NCAA Men's Division III Ice Hockey Tournament was the culmination of the 2002–03 NCAA Division III men's ice hockey season, the 20th such tournament in NCAA history.	division iii ice hockey tournament,ice hockey season,ncaa history,tournament,culmination
Blackeberg metro station is a station on the green line of the Stockholm metro, located in Blackeberg, Västerort.	blackeberg metro station,stockholm metro,green line,station,blackeberg,västerort,located
Casey Donahew (born April 21, 1977 in Burleson, Texas) is an American Texas country music singer.	american texas country music singer,casey donahew,texas,burleson
Brett Michael Fraser (born August 28, 1989) is a competition swimmer and Pan American Games gold medalist from the Cayman Islands.	pan american games gold medalist,brett michael fraser,competition swimmer,cayman islands
Ballinderry (from Irish  Baile an Doire, meaning 'town of the oak wood') is a small civil and ecclesiastical parish on both sides of the County Londonderry / County Tyrone border in Northern Ireland.	oak wood '),county tyrone border,county londonderry,small civil,northern ireland,irish baile,ecclesiastical parish,town,sides,meaning,doire,ballinderry
Tasaral Island (Kazakh: Тасарал Aрал) is an island in Lake Balkhash.	тасарал aрал,lake balkhash,tasaral island,island,kazakh
Sewerby Hall (also known as Sewerby House) is a Grade I listed Georgian country house set in 50 acres (20 ha) of landscaped gardens in the village of Sewerby, 2 miles (3.2 km) from the seaside town of Bridlington in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England.	listed georgian country house set,sewerby house,seaside town,landscaped gardens,east riding,also known,20 ha,2 km,sewerby hall,sewerby,yorkshire,village,grade,england,bridlington
Little York is a village in Warren County, Illinois, United States.	warren county,united states,little york,village,illinois
New Britain Stadium is a baseball venue in New Britain, Connecticut, United States.	new britain stadium,new britain,united states,baseball venue,connecticut
Pretty Wild is an American reality television series that premiered on E!	american reality television series,pretty wild,premiered,e
Longidorus maximus is a plant pathogenic nematode.	plant pathogenic nematode,longidorus maximus
The following is a list of Michigan State Historic Sites in Hillsdale County, Michigan.	michigan state historic sites,hillsdale county,michigan,list,following
Jacobus Meyer Reinach (born 7 February 1990) is a South African international rugby union footballer.	south african international rugby union footballer,jacobus meyer reinach
Ahmadabad (Persian: احمداباد‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād; also known as Aḩmadābād-e Mollā Mās, Sanqar Sāqī, and Sungar Sāqi) is a village in Sar Firuzabad Rural District, Firuzabad District, Kermanshah County, Kermanshah Province, Iran.	احمداباد ‎, also romanized,sar firuzabad rural district,e mollā mās,firuzabad district,also known,sungar sāqi,sanqar sāqī,kermanshah province,kermanshah county,village,persian,iran,aḩmadābād,ahmadabad
Business Intelligence Markup Language (Biml) is a domain-specific XML dialect for defining business intelligence (BI) assets.	business intelligence markup language,defining business intelligence,specific xml dialect,domain,biml,bi,assets
Elachista asperae is a moth of the family Elachistidae.	family elachistidae,elachista asperae,moth
Preonzo is a former municipality in the district of Bellinzona in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.	former municipality,ticino,switzerland,preonzo,district,canton,bellinzona
Johan Irgens-Hansen (1854–1895) was a Norwegian literary critic, theatre critic and theatre director.	norwegian literary critic,theatre critic,theatre director,johan irgens,hansen
Edgar Tur (born 28 December 1996) is an Estonian professional footballer who plays as a right back for Bulgarian club Botev Vratsa on loan from Paide Linnameeskond.	bulgarian club botev vratsa,estonian professional footballer,right back,paide linnameeskond,edgar tur,plays,loan
Metarbela latifasciata is a moth in the family Cossidae.	metarbela latifasciata,family cossidae,moth
Jean-Pierre Garnier (born 31 October 1947) is a French businessman, and a former Chief Executive of GlaxoSmithKline.	former chief executive,pierre garnier,french businessman,jean,glaxosmithkline
Millie DeLeon (circa 1873 – August 6, 1922) was the stage name of American burlesque dancer Millie Lawrence.	american burlesque dancer millie lawrence,millie deleon,stage name
Kitterland (Manx: Famman Kitterland) is an islet in the Calf Sound between the Isle of Man and the Calf of Man in the Irish Sea.	irish sea,famman kitterland,calf sound,kitterland,calf,manx,man,islet,isle
This is a list of Bhojpuri language television channels in India.	bhojpuri language television channels,list,india
Janine van Wyk (born 17 April 1987) is a South African women's footballer, Captains the Senior National team and plays as a defender.	south african women,senior national team,janine van wyk,plays,footballer,defender,captains
Fulham Correctional Centre is a medium security Australian prison located in Hopkins Road, Sale, Victoria, Australia.	medium security australian prison located,fulham correctional centre,hopkins road,victoria,sale,australia
Chah-e Gonbad Talkh (Persian: چاه گنبدتلخ‎, also Romanized as Chāh-e Gonbad Talkh and Chāh Gunbad Talkh) is a village in Dokuheh Rural District, Seh Qaleh District, Sarayan County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	چاه گنبدتلخ ‎, also romanized,south khorasan province,seh qaleh district,e gonbad talkh,dokuheh rural district,chāh gunbad talkh,sarayan county,chāh,village,persian,iran,chah
Bamburi , from the local bantu words "Ba" (People) and "Mburi" (Goat), is a commercial, industrial and local electoral, administrative and a tourist and residential area on the Kenyan north-coast which extends from the coastline on the Indian ocean to the surrounding middle and low-income settlements on the mainland.	local bantu words,local electoral,surrounding middle,residential area,kenyan north,indian ocean,income settlements,goat ),,tourist,people,mburi,mainland,low,industrial,extends,commercial,coastline,coast,bamburi,ba,administrative
Suvannamaccha (Thai: สุพรรณมัจฉา; RTGS: Suphannamatcha or Suphan Matcha; Khmer: សុវណ្ណមច្ឆា; Sovann Maccha; Sanskrit: सुवर्णमत्स्य, suvarṇamatsya; literally "golden fish") is a daughter of Tosakanth appearing in the Thai and other Southeast Asian versions of Ramayana.	ស ុ វណ ្ ណមច ្ ឆ ា; sovann maccha,स ु वर ् णमत ् स ् य,ส ุ พรรณม ั จฉา,southeast asian versions,golden fish "),tosakanth appearing,suphan matcha,thai,suvarṇamatsya,suvannamaccha,suphannamatcha,sanskrit,rtgs,ramayana,literally,khmer,daughter
Shaun Koen is a South African professional wrestler.	south african professional wrestler,shaun koen
Martina Chrapánová (born 14 December 1989) is a former Slovak biathlete.	former slovak biathlete,martina chrapánová
Caelostomus stricticollis is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Pterostichinae.	subfamily pterostichinae,ground beetle,caelostomus stricticollis,species
The Brasserie de Bellevaux is a Belgian craft brewery located in the town of Bellevaux in the county of Malmedy in the province of Liège, Belgian Ardennes.	belgian craft brewery located,brasserie de bellevaux,belgian ardennes,bellevaux,town,province,malmedy,liège,county
CGTN Documentary (formerly CCTV-9until 1 January 2017) is a Chinese pay television channel operated by Chinese State broadcaster China Central Television (CCTV) as a part of CGTN group of international channels, broadcasting documentaries in English language.	chinese state broadcaster china central television,chinese pay television channel operated,international channels,english language,cgtn group,cgtn documentary,broadcasting documentaries,formerly cctv,cctv,part
Nuptial flight is an important phase in the reproduction of most ant, termite, and some bee species.	nuptial flight,important phase,bee species,termite,reproduction,ant
Avatha rhynchophora is a species of moth of the family Erebidae.	family erebidae,avatha rhynchophora,species,moth
The Family Moskat  is a novel written by Isaac Bashevis Singer, originally written in Yiddish.	isaac bashevis singer,originally written,novel written,family moskat,yiddish
Jesus Jesse Garcia (born September 24, 1973) is a Major League Baseball infielder, primarily at shortstop and second baseman.	major league baseball infielder,jesus jesse garcia,second baseman,shortstop,primarily
The women's RS:X competition of the Sailing events at the 2015 Pan American Games in Toronto was held from July 12 to July 18 at the Royal Canadian Yacht Club.Points were assigned based on the finishing position in each race (1 for first, 2 for second, etc.).	royal canadian yacht club,x competition,sailing events,july 12,finishing position,assigned based,women,toronto,second,rs,race,points,held,first,etc,1,).
Goniembice [ɡɔɲɛmˈbit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lipno, within Leszno County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	ɡɔɲɛmˈbit ͡ sɛ,within leszno county,greater poland voivodeship,central poland,gmina lipno,administrative district,west,village,goniembice
Playwrights from Canada include:


== A ==
Marianne Ackerman
Evan Adams
Carmen Aguirre
André Alexis
Hrant Alianak
Martha Allan
Anne-Marie Alonzo
Debra Anderson
Hugh Abercrombie Anderson
Trey Anthony
Salvatore Antonio
Anthony Armstrong
Lawrence Aronovitch
Napoléon Aubin
Barry Avrich
Caroline Azar


== B ==
Catherine Banks
Keith Barker
Charles William Bell
John Bemrose
Geneviève Billette
Nicolas Billon
William Rufus Blake
Seymour Blicker
Laurie Block
Peter Blue Cloud
Columpa Bobb
Adam Bock
Carol Bolt
Walter Borden
Gary Botting
Michel Marc Bouchard
Pan Bouyoucas
Gail Bowen
George Boyd
Marie Brassard
Morwyn Brebner
Cecil Broadhurst
Leanna Brodie
Daniel Brooks
Kenneth Brown
Mark Brownell
Walter Bruno
Ronnie Burkett
Aaron Bushkowsky
Alec Butler


== C ==
Jason Cadieux
Morley Callaghan
Silver Donald Cameron
Dave Carley
Franco Catanzariti
Kate Cayley
Rick Chafe
Robert Chafe
Anna Chatterton
Normand Chaurette
Shirley Cheechoo
Évelyne de la Chenelière
Charly Chiarelli
Herménégilde Chiasson
Mary-Colin Chisholm
Anne Chislett
Ins Choi
Sally Clark
Cheril N. Clarke
George Elliott Clarke
Marie Clements
Fabien Cloutier
Joy Coghill
Susan G. Cole
Tom Cone
Michael Cook
Charlotte Corbeil-Coleman
Belinda Cornish
Michel Côté
John Coulter
Douglas Coupland
Susan Coyne
Archie Crail (Exile)
Seán Cummings
Peter Cureton
Sheldon Currie
Sarah Anne Curzon
May Cutler


== D ==
Jean-Marc Dalpé
Joseph A. Dandurand
Daniel Danis
Jill Daum
Robertson Davies
TJ Dawe
Mazo de la Roche
Vincent de Tourdonnet
David Demchuk
Sandra Dempsey
Merrill Denison
Charles Dennis
Peter Desbarats
Claudia Dey
Dick Diespecker
Emma Donoghue
Chris Doty
Clive Doucet
Nathalie Doummar
Brian Drader
Claire Drainie Taylor
Marcel Dubé
René-Daniel Dubois
Réjean Ducharme


== E ==
Chris Earle (Radio :30)
Mary Susanne Edgar
Caterina Edwards
Richard Epp
Gloria Escomel


== F ==
David Fennario (Balconville, Joe Beef)
Ian Ferguson
Trevor Ferguson
Timothy Findley (Elizabeth Rex, The Stillborn Lover)
Lois Fine
Larry Fineberg
Thom Fitzgerald (Cloudburst')
Diane Flacks
Waawaate Fobister (Agokwe)
Denis Foon (The Short Tree and the Bird That Could Not Sing)
Honor Ford-Smith
Norm Foster (Sinners, The Affections of May)
Brad Fraser (Unidentified Human Remains and the True Nature of Love, Poor Super Man)
Carole Fréchette
Louis-Honoré Fréchette
David French (Leaving Home, Salt-Water Moon)
William Fruet
Janine Fuller


== G ==
Linda Gaboriau
Lorena Gale
Brendan Gall
Steve Galluccio
Ken Garnhum
Bill Gaston
C. E. Gatchalian
Jean-Rock Gaudreault
Connie Gault
Gratien Gélinas
Jean-Claude Germain
Samuel Gesser
Melissa James Gibson
Florence Gibson MacDonald
Sky Gilbert
Amiel Gladstone
Joanna Glass
Robert Gravel
Carolyn Gray
John MacLachlan Gray
Jeff Green
Nick Green
Richard Greenblatt
Brit Griffin
Linda Griffiths
Larry Guno


== H ==
Abby Hagyard
Jason Hall
Marie-Lynn Hammond
Don Hannah
Herschel Hardin
Elliott Hayes
Michael Healey
Charles Heavysege
Matthew Heiti
Tom Hendry
Kate Hennig
John Herbert
Tomson Highway
John Stephen Hill (Steve Hill)
Karen Hines
Margaret Hollingsworth
Michael Hollingsworth
Raymond Hull
J. Timothy Hunt
Maureen Hunter
Joel Thomas Hynes


== I ==
John Ibbitson
Anosh Irani


== J ==
Donald Jack
Zillur Rahman John
Ted Johns
Becky Johnson
Terry Jordan
Patricia Joudry


== K ==
Margo Kane
M. J. Kang
Greg Kearney
Adam Kelly
M. T. Kelly
Olivier Kemeid
Kevin Kerr
Deborah Kimmett
Andrew Kooman
Greg Kramer
John Krizanc
Sunil Kuruvilla


== L ==
Rosa Labordé
Jonathan Lachlan-Stewart
Ann Lambert
Betty Lambert
Rina Lasnier
John Lazarus
Walter Learning
Suzanne Lebeau
Catherine Léger
Mark Leiren-Young
Stewart Lemoine
Robert Lepage
François Létourneau
Georgina Lightning
Wendy Lill
Françoise Loranger
Kevin Loring
Otto Lowy
Kate Lynch


== M ==
Greg MacArthur
Andrew MacBean
Ann-Marie MacDonald
Bryden MacDonald
Maggie MacDonald
Lee MacDougall
Matthew MacFadzean
David Macfarlane
Daniel MacIvor
Isabel Mackay
Michael Mackenzie
Michael MacLennan
Joan MacLeod
Antonine Maillet
Anita Majumdar
Vera Manuel
Jovette Marchessault
Robert Marinier
Paul Nicholas Mason
Stephen Massicotte
Drew McCreadie
Kathleen McDonnell
Peter McGehee
Ian McLachlan
Rick McNair
Maureen Medved
Mary Melfi
Billy Merasty
Robert Merritt
Pauline Michel
Marco Micone
John Mighton
Jean-Louis Millette
W. O. Mitchell
Frank Moher
Mavor Moore
Robert Moore
Greg Morrison
Kim Morrissey
Hannah Moscovitch
Daniel David Moses
Arthur Motyer
Wajdi Mouawad
Neil Munro
Colleen Murphy
John Murrell


== N ==
Tony Nardi
Michael Nathanson
Dan Needles
Louis Negin
James W. Nichol
Eric Nicol
Francine Noël
Alden Nowlan


== O ==
Darren O'Donnell
Anne-Marie Olivier
Leo Orenstein
Cathy Ostlere


== P ==
André Paiement
Alisa Palmer
John Palmer
Morris Panych
David Paquet
Amanda Parris
Evalyn Parry
Teresa Pavlinek
Deborah Pearson
Soraya Peerbaye
Len Peterson
Pierre Petitclair
M. NourbeSe Philip
Marjorie Pickthall
Joseph Jomo Pierre
Gordon Pinsent
Al Pittman
Richard Pochinko
Sharon Pollock
Helen Fogwill Porter
Stefan Psenak


== Q ==
Joseph Quesnel


== R ==
Karin Randoja
James Reaney
Kelly Rebar
Michael Redhill
Charlie Rhindress
Christopher Richards
Jael Richardson
Gwen Pharis Ringwood
Harry Rintoul
Erika Ritter
William Harris Lloyd Roberts
Ajmer Rode
Ian Ross
Vittorio Rossi (Little Blood Brother, Backstreets, The Chain, The Last Adam, Paradise By The River, A Carpenter's Trilogy)
Anusree Roy
Saul Rubinek
Rusty Ryan
George Ryga


== S ==
Oren Safdie
Donna-Michelle St.	marie alonzo debra anderson hugh abercrombie anderson trey anthony salvatore antonio anthony armstrong lawrence aronovitch napoléon aubin barry avrich caroline azar == b == catherine banks keith barker charles william bell john bemrose geneviève billette nicolas billon william rufus blake seymour blicker laurie block peter blue cloud columpa bobb adam bock carol bolt walter borden gary botting michel marc bouchard pan bouyoucas gail bowen george boyd marie brassard morwyn brebner cecil broadhurst leanna brodie daniel brooks kenneth brown mark brownell walter bruno ronnie burkett aaron bushkowsky alec butler == c == jason cadieux morley callaghan silver donald cameron dave carley franco catanzariti kate cayley rick chafe robert chafe anna chatterton normand chaurette shirley cheechoo évelyne de la chenelière charly chiarelli herménégilde chiasson mary,marie macdonald bryden macdonald maggie macdonald lee macdougall matthew macfadzean david macfarlane daniel macivor isabel mackay michael mackenzie michael maclennan joan macleod antonine maillet anita majumdar vera manuel jovette marchessault robert marinier paul nicholas mason stephen massicotte drew mccreadie kathleen mcdonnell peter mcgehee ian mclachlan rick mcnair maureen medved mary melfi billy merasty robert merritt pauline michel marco micone john mighton jean,nourbese philip marjorie pickthall joseph jomo pierre gordon pinsent al pittman richard pochinko sharon pollock helen fogwill porter stefan psenak == q == joseph quesnel == r == karin randoja james reaney kelly rebar michael redhill charlie rhindress christopher richards jael richardson gwen pharis ringwood harry rintoul erika ritter william harris lloyd roberts ajmer rode ian ross vittorio rossi,dandurand daniel danis jill daum robertson davies tj dawe mazo de la roche vincent de tourdonnet david demchuk sandra dempsey merrill denison charles dennis peter desbarats claudia dey dick diespecker emma donoghue chris doty clive doucet nathalie doummar brian drader claire drainie taylor marcel dubé rené,claude germain samuel gesser melissa james gibson florence gibson macdonald sky gilbert amiel gladstone joanna glass robert gravel carolyn gray john maclachlan gray jeff green nick green richard greenblatt brit griffin linda griffiths larry guno == h == abby hagyard jason hall marie,mitchell frank moher mavor moore robert moore greg morrison kim morrissey hannah moscovitch daniel david moses arthur motyer wajdi mouawad neil munro colleen murphy john murrell == n == tony nardi michael nathanson dan needles louis negin james w,marie olivier leo orenstein cathy ostlere == p == andré paiement alisa palmer john palmer morris panych david paquet amanda parris evalyn parry teresa pavlinek deborah pearson soraya peerbaye len peterson pierre petitclair,== john ibbitson anosh irani == j == donald jack zillur rahman john ted johns becky johnson terry jordan patricia joudry == k == margo kane,hannah herschel hardin elliott hayes michael healey charles heavysege matthew heiti tom hendry kate hennig john herbert tomson highway john stephen hill,william fruet janine fuller == g == linda gaboriau lorena gale brendan gall steve galluccio ken garnhum bill gaston c,kelly olivier kemeid kevin kerr deborah kimmett andrew kooman greg kramer john krizanc sunil kuruvilla == l == rosa labordé jonathan lachlan,young stewart lemoine robert lepage françois létourneau georgina lightning wendy lill françoise loranger kevin loring otto lowy kate lynch ==,stewart ann lambert betty lambert rina lasnier john lazarus walter learning suzanne lebeau catherine léger mark leiren,mary susanne edgar caterina edwards richard epp gloria escomel == f == david fennario,coleman belinda cornish michel côté john coulter douglas coupland susan coyne archie crail,clarke george elliott clarke marie clements fabien cloutier joy coghill susan g,== marianne ackerman evan adams carmen aguirre andré alexis hrant alianak martha allan anne,seán cummings peter cureton sheldon currie sarah anne curzon may cutler ==,daniel dubois réjean ducharme == e == chris earle,anusree roy saul rubinek rusty ryan george ryga ==,timothy hunt maureen hunter joel thomas hynes ==,colin chisholm anne chislett ins choi sally clark cheril n,karen hines margaret hollingsworth michael hollingsworth raymond hull j,marc dalpé joseph,kang greg kearney adam kelly,nichol eric nicol francine noël alden nowlan ==,== greg macarthur andrew macbean ann,cole tom cone michael cook charlotte corbeil,ian ferguson trevor ferguson timothy findley,rock gaudreault connie gault gratien gélinas jean,lois fine larry fineberg thom fitzgerald,== jean,== oren safdie donna,last adam,honoré fréchette david french,louis millette w,== darren,cloudburst ') diane flacks waawaate fobister,==,steve hill,carole fréchette louis,gatchalian jean,j,donnell anne,unidentified human remains,smith norm foster,poor super man,little blood brother,may,e,water moon,true nature,stillborn lover,short tree,michelle st,lynn hammond,leaving home,joe beef,honor ford,elizabeth rex,denis foon,canada include,brad fraser,trilogy,sinners,sing,salt,river,radio,playwrights,paradise,love,exile,could,chain,carpenter,bird,balconville,backstreets,agokwe,affections
The 2011 BYU Cougars football team represented Brigham Young University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FBS football season.	fbs football season
Wives with Knives is an American documentary television series broadcast on Investigation Discovery.	american documentary television series broadcast,investigation discovery,wives,knives
Lauzerique is a surname.	surname,lauzerique
Sovereignty over two separated pieces of territory have been contested between China and India.	two separated pieces,territory,sovereignty,india,contested,china
Camoensia is a genus of 2 species of lianas in the family Fabaceae, subfamily Faboideae, native to the Gulf of Guinea, Africa.	subfamily faboideae,family fabaceae,native,lianas,gulf,guinea,genus,camoensia,africa
Traupis is a town in Anykščiai district municipality, in Utena County, in northeast Lithuania.	anykščiai district municipality,utena county,northeast lithuania,traupis,town
Onni Eugen Aleksander Talas  (15 June 1877 — 3 May 1958; till 1895 Gratschoff) was a Finnish lawyer, politician, professor and diplomat, and was a member of the Senate of Finland.Talas was born in Lappeenranta.	onni eugen aleksander talas,finnish lawyer,talas,senate,professor,politician,member,lappeenranta,finland,diplomat,born
David Stuart (August 3, 1753 – October 1814) was a relation and correspondent of George Washington.	george washington,david stuart,relation,correspondent
Émile Bourdon (14 February 1884 – 11 July 1974) was a 20th-century French organist and composer.	century french organist,émile bourdon,composer
Tum Mere Ho (English: You Are Mine) is a 1990 Indian romantic drama film starring Juhi Chawla and Aamir Khan  and directed by Tahir Hussain.	tum mere ho,tahir hussain,aamir khan,mine,english,directed
The Falcon radio series premiered on the Blue Network on April 10, 1943, continuing on NBC and Mutual until November 27, 1954.	falcon radio series premiered,blue network,nbc,mutual,continuing,1943
Rhinella ceratophrys, formerly Bufo ceratophrys, is a species of toad in the family Bufonidae.	formerly bufo ceratophrys,rhinella ceratophrys,family bufonidae,toad,species
Buried Inside was a Canadian band from Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.	canadian band,buried inside,ottawa,ontario,canada
Rapla Parish (Estonian: Rapla vald) is an Estonian municipality located in Rapla County.	estonian municipality located,rapla vald,rapla parish,rapla county,estonian
The Creek War (1813–1814), also known as the Red Stick War and the Creek Civil War, was a regional war between opposing Creek factions, European empires and the United States, taking place largely in today's Alabama and along the Gulf Coast.	taking place largely,opposing creek factions,red stick war,creek civil war,creek war,regional war,united states,gulf coast,european empires,today,along,alabama
The Serenade No.	serenade
A Daughter of the Seine: The Life of Madame Roland is a biography written for children by Jeanette Eaton.	madame roland,jeanette eaton,biography written,seine,life,daughter,children
Paul David Hudson (born 27 February 1971) is an English weather presenter for BBC Yorkshire and BBC Yorkshire and Lincolnshire.	paul david hudson,english weather presenter,bbc yorkshire,lincolnshire
Stanisław Tatar nom de guerre "Stanisław Tabor" (October 3, 1896 – December 16, 1980) was a Polish Army colonel in the interwar period and, during World War II, one of the commanders of Armia Krajowa, Polish resistance movement.	stanisław tatar nom de guerre,world war ii,polish resistance movement,polish army colonel,stanisław tabor,interwar period,armia krajowa,one,commanders
Bradley Phillip "Brad" Smith (born 11 May 1979) is a former Australian rules footballer, who played for Subiaco in the West Australian Football League (WAFL) from 1998–2009.	west australian football league,former australian rules footballer,1998 – 2009,bradley phillip,wafl,subiaco,smith,played,brad
4eva Is a Mighty Long Time is the third studio album by American rapper Big K.R.I.T., released on October 27, 2017, by BMG Rights Management and Multi Alumni.	american rapper big k,third studio album,mighty long time,bmg rights management,multi alumni,., released,r,2017
Don L. Ipson is an American politician and a Republican member of the Utah House of Representatives representing District 75 since January 1, 2009.	utah house,republican member,american politician,l,ipson
The Bullock-Clifton House is a historic home in the Deer Park neighborhood of Louisville, Kentucky, United States.	deer park neighborhood,united states,historic home,clifton house,louisville,kentucky,bullock
The 1993–94 National Soccer League season, was the 18th season of the National Soccer League in Australia.	national soccer league,australia
Defence Science and Technology (abbreviated as DST) is part of the Australian Department of Defence dedicated to providing science and technology support for Australia's defence and national security needs.	national security needs,providing science,australian department,defence science,defence dedicated,technology support,defence,technology,part,dst,australia,abbreviated
Kotłówka [kɔˈtwufka] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Żelechów, within Garwolin County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	within garwolin county,masovian voivodeship,gmina żelechów,central poland,administrative district,village,kɔˈtwufka,kotłówka,east
The Golden State Collegiate Baseball League (GSCBL) is a collegiate wood bat baseball league based out of San Jose, California.	collegiate wood bat baseball league based,golden state collegiate baseball league,san jose,gscbl,california
Un couple épatant (English: An Amazing Couple; also known as Trilogy: Two) is a 2002 French-Belgian film written and directed by Lucas Belvaux.	belgian film written,un couple épatant,amazing couple,lucas belvaux,also known,two,trilogy,english,directed
"Meant to Be" is a song recorded by American singer Bebe Rexha featuring vocals from American country music duo Florida Georgia Line, from Rexha's third extended play (EP) All Your Fault: Pt.	american country music duo florida georgia line,american singer bebe rexha featuring vocals,third extended play,song recorded,rexha,pt,meant,fault,ep
Sanctuary (Spanish:Sagrario) is a 1933 Mexican drama film directed by Ramón Peón and starring Ramón Pereda, Adriana Lamar and Julio Villarreal.	starring ramón pereda,ramón peón,julio villarreal,adriana lamar,spanish,sanctuary,sagrario
Inga Salurand (born 1 August 1983) is an Estonian stage, film, and television actress whose career began in the mid-2000s.	television actress whose career began,inga salurand,estonian stage,mid,film
Spring Valley is a home rule-class city in Jefferson County, Kentucky, United States.	united states,spring valley,jefferson county,home rule,class city,kentucky
Sons of Otis are a Canadian stoner rock band from Toronto, Ontario, Canada.	canadian stoner rock band,toronto,sons,otis,ontario,canada
This is a list of South Korean films of 1978.	south korean films,list
Una Lorraine Morris (born 17 January 1947) is a retired Jamaican sprinter.	una lorraine morris,retired jamaican sprinter
Louis Onorato "Jeff" Giuffrida (October 2, 1920 – November 20, 2012) was the Ronald Reagan administration's first director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency from 1981 to 1985.	federal emergency management agency,ronald reagan administration,louis onorato,first director,jeff,giuffrida,1985
The 2007 AT&T Cotton Bowl Classic was a college football bowl game played on January 1, 2007, at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas, Texas, USA. The Cotton Bowl Classic was part of the 2007 NCAA Division I FBS football season and one of 32 games in the 2006–07 bowl season.	college football bowl game played,fbs football season,cotton bowl classic,cotton bowl,32 games,usa,texas,part,one,dallas
Putaqa Wayi (Quechua putaqa Rumex peruanus, Ancash Quechua wayi house, "putaqa house", also spelled Putajahuay) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru which reaches a height of approximately 4,400 m (14,400 ft).	putaqa house ", also spelled putajahuay,quechua putaqa rumex peruanus,ancash quechua wayi house,putaqa wayi,400,reaches,peru,mountain,height,andes
The Secretary of Environment and Natural Resources  (Filipino: Kalihim ng Kapaligiran at Likas na Yaman) is the head of the Department of Environment and Natural Resources of the Philippines.	likas na yaman,kalihim ng kapaligiran,natural resources,secretary,philippines,head,filipino,environment,department
Simon de Montfort, 6th Earl of Leicester (c. 1208 – 4 August 1265), sometimes referred to as Simon V de Montfort to distinguish him from his namesake relatives, was a nobleman of French origin and a member of the English peerage, who led the baronial opposition to the rule of King Henry III of England, culminating in the Second Barons' War.	simon v de montfort,simon de montfort,king henry iii,second barons,namesake relatives,french origin,english peerage,baronial opposition,war,rule,nobleman,member,leicester,led,england,distinguish,culminating,c
Juan José Castelli (usually abbreviated to Castelli) is a town in the province of Chaco, Argentina.	juan josé castelli,usually abbreviated,castelli,town,province,chaco,argentina
Electric Forest is a 5-day, one-weekend, multi-genre event with a focus on electronic and jam band genres, held in Rothbury, Michigan, at the Double JJ Resort.	jam band genres,double jj resort,genre event,electric forest,weekend,rothbury,one,multi,michigan,held,focus,electronic,day
The 2010 Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council election took place on 6 May 2010 to elect members of Barrow-in-Furness Borough Council in Cumbria, England.	furness borough council election took place,furness borough council,elect members,barrow,england,cumbria
The big-eared mastiff bat (Otomops papuensis) is a species of bat in the family Molossidae endemic to Papua New Guinea, known from Gulf Province and Oro Province.	papua new guinea,family molossidae endemic,eared mastiff bat,otomops papuensis,oro province,gulf province,bat,species,known,big
The 2008 Denmark Super Series is the ninth tournament of the 2008 BWF Super Series in badminton.	2008 bwf super series,ninth tournament,badminton
Soledad Rendón Bueno (9 July 1943 – 18 August 1970), better known by her stage names Soledad Miranda or Susann Korda (or sometimes Susan Korday), was an actress and pop singer who was born in Seville, Spain.	sometimes susan korday ),,stage names soledad miranda,soledad rendón bueno,susann korda,pop singer,spain,seville,born,actress
Duntisbourne Abbots Soulmate Devastation Technique is the seventh studio album by British IDM producer µ-Ziq, released on Planet Mu in 2007.	duntisbourne abbots soulmate devastation technique,british idm producer µ,seventh studio album,planet mu,ziq,released
The patent for the first bead breaker was granted to Wilburn Orion Bennett (1922-2011) and Pietro Christofoli during World War II. They were Navy airplane mechanics who worked on the Corsair, pictured here.	world war ii,wilburn orion bennett,navy airplane mechanics,first bead breaker,pietro christofoli,worked,pictured,patent,granted,corsair,1922
Bathysuchus ("deep water crocodile") is an extinct genus of teleosaurid thalattosuchian from Late Jurassic (Kimmeridgian) deep water marine deposits in England and France.	bathysuchus (" deep water crocodile "),deep water marine deposits,teleosaurid thalattosuchian,late jurassic,extinct genus,kimmeridgian,france,england
The Humeralis Mergel Formation is a geologic formation in France.	humeralis mergel formation,geologic formation,france
As of September 2016, the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) lists 3191 data deficient fish species.	september 2016,international union,nature,iucn,conservation
Ze339 brand herbal extracts are taken from the leaves of a unique variety (Petzell) of the butterbur (Petasites hybridus) plant.	unique variety,petasites hybridus,taken,plant,petzell,leaves,butterbur
Jangal-e Gorgi (Persian: جنگل گرگي‎, also Romanized as Jangal-e Gorgī) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, Esmaili District, Anbarabad County, Kerman Province, Iran.	جنگل گرگي ‎, also romanized,hoseynabad rural district,esmaili district,kerman province,e gorgī,e gorgi,anbarabad county,village,persian,jangal,iran
Jean François Beylon (1717 in Lausanne - 1779 in Stockholm), was a Swedish courtier of French-Swiss origin.	jean françois beylon,swiss origin,swedish courtier,stockholm ),,lausanne,french,1717
Doc of the Dead is a 2014 American documentary film written and directed by Alexandre O. Philippe that focuses on the zombie genre.	zombie genre,philippe,focuses,doc,directed,dead,alexandre
Norman Charles Jones (December 9, 1923 – October 19, 1995) was a Canadian-Bermudian sports figure of the 1950s and 1960s, known for participating in sailing events.	norman charles jones,bermudian sports figure,sailing events,participating,known,canadian,1960s
Anne Hastings, Countess of Huntingdon (née Lady Anne Stafford) (c.	née lady anne stafford,anne hastings,huntingdon,countess,c
Modeste Carlier (1820–1878) was a Belgian portrait and subject painter.	subject painter,modeste carlier,belgian portrait
Abtut (Persian: اب توت‎, also Romanized as Ābtūt) is a village in Jowzar Rural District, in the Central District of Mamasani County, Fars Province, Iran.	اب توت ‎, also romanized,jowzar rural district,central district,mamasani county,fars province,ābtūt,village,persian,iran,abtut
The Origin of the Feces is the second studio album by the Brooklyn band Type O Negative, which was released in 1992.	second studio album,brooklyn band type,released,origin,negative,feces
A chest injury, also known as chest trauma, is any form of physical injury to the chest including the ribs, heart and lungs.	physical injury,chest trauma,chest injury,chest including,also known,ribs,lungs,heart,form
Peter von Gunten (born 1941) is a Swiss film director, cinematographer and screenwriter.	swiss film director,peter von gunten,screenwriter,cinematographer
Itaballia is a genus of butterflies in the family Pieridae found in Central and South America.	family pieridae found,south america,itaballia,genus,central,butterflies
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in West Baton Rouge Parish, Louisiana.	west baton rouge parish,historic places listings,national register,louisiana,list
The Hare Virus was a destructive computer virus which infected DOS and Windows 95 machines in August 1996.	destructive computer virus,hare virus,infected dos
Ahmed Ben Bella (Arabic: أحمد بن بلّة‎ Aḥmad bin Billah; 25 December 1916 – 11 April 2012) was an Algerian politician, socialist soldier and revolutionary who was the first President of Algeria from 1963 to 1965.	أحمد بن بل ّ ة ‎ aḥmad bin billah,ahmed ben bella,socialist soldier,first president,algerian politician,revolutionary,arabic,algeria,1963
East Coast Heat Futsal Club is an Australian futsal club based in Sydney, NSW. They play in the F-League which is the top tier of Australian Futsal.	east coast heat futsal club,australian futsal club based,australian futsal,top tier,sydney,play,nsw,league,f
Tawfiq Buhimed (Arabic: توفيق بو حيمد‎; born 29 October 1987) is a professional footballer who plays as a winger or as a full-back for Al-Fayha.	tawfiq buhimed,professional footballer,winger,plays,full,fayha,back,arabic,al
The New American Empire (2004; ISBN 0-7414-1887-8) is a geopolitical book by economist Rodrigue Tremblay that analyses the causes and consequences of the political shift taking place in U.S. foreign policy at the beginning of the 21st Century.	political shift taking place,new american empire,economist rodrigue tremblay,geopolitical book,foreign policy,u,consequences,causes,beginning,analyses,7414,1887
Herbert William Bryant (30 June 1867 – 23 February 1910) was an English first-class cricketer active 1888–89 who played for Middlesex as a wicketkeeper.	class cricketer active 1888 – 89,herbert william bryant,english first,wicketkeeper,played,middlesex
Bobby Lee Collins (born October 30, 1965) is an American college basketball coach and the former head men's basketball coach at Maryland Eastern Shore.	american college basketball coach,maryland eastern shore,former head men,bobby lee collins,basketball coach
Terrance Hobbs (born April 6, 1970) is an American musician and the lead guitarist in the American death metal band Suffocation.	american death metal band suffocation,american musician,terrance hobbs,lead guitarist
Back From the Tomb is the fourth studio album and fifth overall by rapper/DJ, Egyptian Lover.	fourth studio album,fifth overall,egyptian lover,tomb,rapper,dj,back
Searcy Bay Conservation Park is a protected area located on the west coast of Eyre Peninsula in South Australia about 25 kilometres (16 miles) south of Streaky Bay.	searcy bay conservation park,protected area located,streaky bay,west coast,eyre peninsula,16 miles,south australia,south
The martinet () is a punitive device traditionally used in France and other parts of Europe.	punitive device traditionally used,martinet (),parts,france,europe
Neuilly-en-Thelle is a commune in the Oise department in northern France.	oise department,northern france,thelle,neuilly,en,commune
Karosa NO 80 is a model of bus trailer produced in one prototype at the beginning of the 1960s in Karosa Vysoké Mýto.	bus trailer produced,karosa vysoké mýto,one prototype,karosa,model,beginning,1960s
Newcastle West Rovers Association Football Club is a football club based in Newcastle West in the Republic of Ireland.	newcastle west rovers association football club,football club based,newcastle west,republic,ireland
Artur Zaczek (born 28 February 1989) is a Polish athlete specialising in the sprinting events.	polish athlete specialising,sprinting events,artur zaczek
The Dogger Bank incident (also known as the North Sea Incident, the Russian Outrage or the Incident of Hull) occurred on the night of 21/22 October 1904, when the Baltic Fleet of Imperial Russian Navy mistook a British trawler fleet from Kingston upon Hull in the Dogger Bank area of the North Sea for an Imperial Japanese Navy force and fired on them.	imperial japanese navy force,imperial russian navy mistook,dogger bank area,british trawler fleet,dogger bank incident,kingston upon hull,north sea incident,russian outrage,north sea,baltic fleet,also known,incident,hull,occurred,night,fired
Agave weberi, common name "maguey liso," is a succulent perennial plant native to northeastern Mexico (Tamaulipas and San Luis Potosí) but naturalized in parts of southern Texas.	succulent perennial plant native,san luis potosí,maguey liso ,",southern texas,northeastern mexico,common name,agave weberi,tamaulipas,parts,naturalized
Parapezus angolensis is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae, and the only species in the genus Parapezus.	parapezus angolensis,genus parapezus,family cerambycidae,species,beetle
Prof.	prof
Kriterion – Journal of Philosophy is a peer-reviewed academic journal of philosophy that was established in 1991.	reviewed academic journal,kriterion – journal,philosophy,peer,established
SBC Communications, Inc. v.	sbc communications,v,inc
The Goulburn Correctional Centre, an Australian supermaximum security prison for males, is located in Goulburn, New South Wales, three kilometres north-east of the central business district.	australian supermaximum security prison,three kilometres north,new south wales,central business district,goulburn correctional centre,goulburn,males,located,east
Tan Cheng Bock (simplified Chinese: 陈清木; traditional Chinese: 陳清木; pinyin: Chén Qīng Mù; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tân Chheng-bo̍k; born 26 April 1940) is a Singaporean politician and medical practitioner.	tan cheng bock,pe ̍ h,chén qīng mù,bo ̍ k,tân chheng,traditional chinese,singaporean politician,simplified chinese,medical practitioner,陳清木,陈清木,ōe,pinyin,jī
Helmond Brouwhuis is a railway station in Brouwhuis, a housing area of Helmond, Netherlands.	railway station,housing area,helmond brouwhuis,helmond,brouwhuis,netherlands
No Ghostless Place is the second studio album from Canadian solo artist Raised by Swans.	canadian solo artist raised,second studio album,ghostless place,swans
Pamela Tola (born January 15, 1981) is a Finnish actress.	pamela tola,finnish actress
The caste system in India (sometimes called Jaati) is the paradigmatic ethnographic example of caste.	sometimes called jaati,paradigmatic ethnographic example,caste system,caste,india
Touch of Evil is a 1958 American film noir written, directed by and co-starring Orson Welles.	starring orson welles,touch,evil,directed,co
The Kural is one of the most important forms of classical Tamil language poetry.	classical tamil language poetry,important forms,one,kural
Ideford Common is a Site of Special Scientific Interest consisting of an area of lowland heath in Devon, England.	special scientific interest consisting,lowland heath,ideford common,site,england,devon,area
Mo is a fictional region neighboring the Land of Oz.	fictional region neighboring,oz,mo,land
Stay Awhile/I Only Want to Be with You is the first album of the singer Dusty Springfield to be released in the USA. It was issued on the Philips Records label in 1964 and includes Springfield's hit singles "I Only Want To Be With You", "Stay Awhile" and "Wishin' and Hopin'".	philips records label,singer dusty springfield,includes springfield,stay awhile,hopin '".,hit singles,first album,wishin,want,usa,released,issued,",
Back Again was the fourth album released by Christian metal group, Disciple, in 2003.	fourth album released,christian metal group,disciple,back
For Australian politician, see Jack O'Connell (Australian politician)Jack T. O'Connell (born October 8, 1951) is an American politician and the former 26th California State Superintendent of Public Instruction, having been elected to the post in November 2002 with 61% of the vote.	born october 8,public instruction,australian politician,american politician,see jack,jack,vote,post,elected,connell,1951
Wadhwa or Wadhwani is a surname of Indian origin.	indian origin,wadhwani,wadhwa,surname
Zalmon Storrs (December 18, 1779 – February 17, 1867) was an American judge and politician.	zalmon storrs,american judge,politician
The Cauberg Cyclo-cross is a cyclo-cross race held in Valkenburg, Netherlands.	cross race held,cauberg cyclo,cross,cyclo,valkenburg,netherlands
Comaroma is a genus of spiders in the Anapidae family.	anapidae family,spiders,genus,comaroma
Frank Durward White (June 4, 1933 – May 21, 2003) was an American banker and politician who served as the 41st governor of Arkansas.	frank durward white,american banker,served,politician,arkansas
Diethylstilbestrol monobenzyl ether (brand names Monozol, Hypantin, Pituitrope), also known as benzelstilbestrol, is a synthetic, nonsteroidal estrogen of the stilbestrol group and an ether of diethylstilbestrol (DES) that is described as a pituitary gland inhibitor (antigonadotropin) and was formerly marketed but is now no longer available.	pituitrope ), also known,pituitary gland inhibitor,brand names monozol,diethylstilbestrol monobenzyl ether,stilbestrol group,nonsteroidal estrogen,longer available,formerly marketed,ether,diethylstilbestrol,synthetic,hypantin,described,des,benzelstilbestrol,antigonadotropin
Kekkonen's second cabinet was the 33rd government of Finland, which existed from 17 January 1951 to 20 October 1951.	17 january 1951,second cabinet,kekkonen,finland,existed
V. Kalyanam (born 15 August 1922) is an Indian freedom fighter and was Mahatma Gandhi's personal secretary during the last few years of Gandhi's life (1943–48).	1943 – 48 ).,indian freedom fighter,personal secretary,mahatma gandhi,gandhi,years,v,life,last,kalyanam
This is a list of seasons played by Zob Ahan Football Club in Iranian and Asian football, from 1973 to the most recent completed season.	zob ahan football club,recent completed season,asian football,seasons played,list,iranian
Banyana – Children of Africa is a 1976 jazz album by Abdullah Ibrahim.	banyana – children,abdullah ibrahim,africa
The Improved Load Bearing Equipment (ILBE) is a United States Marine Corps program that had included individual load carriage equipment, individual hydration systems (Source One Hydration) and individual water purification.	united states marine corps program,included individual load carriage equipment,improved load bearing equipment,individual water purification,individual hydration systems,source one hydration,ilbe
The Sessions Clock Company ("Sessions") was one of several notable American clock companies centered in Connecticut.	several notable american clock companies centered,sessions clock company (" sessions "),one,connecticut
Vincent Hadleŭski (Belarusian: Вінцэнт Гадлеўскі, Polish: Wincenty Godlewski; November 16, 1898 – December 24, 1942) was a Belarusian Roman Catholic priest, publicist and politician.	belarusian roman catholic priest,вінцэнт гадлеўскі,wincenty godlewski,vincent hadleŭski,belarusian,publicist,politician,polish
Peak envelope power (PEP) is the highest envelope power supplied to the antenna transmission line by a transmitter during any full undistorted RF cycle or series of complete radio frequency cycles.	full undistorted rf cycle,complete radio frequency cycles,highest envelope power supplied,peak envelope power,antenna transmission line,transmitter,series,pep
Milden Castle was a motte-and-bailey castle on Foxburrow hill in Milden, a village in Suffolk, England.	foxburrow hill,bailey castle,milden castle,milden,village,suffolk,motte,england
Heng Li is a Chinese bioinformatics scientist.	chinese bioinformatics scientist,heng li
Kosher Check is a hechsher of the Orthodox Rabbinical Council of British Columbia.	orthodox rabbinical council,kosher check,british columbia,hechsher
Albula glossodonta (roundjaw bonefish, shortjaw bonefish, Indo-Pacific bonefish, sharpjaw bonefish, or smallmouth bonefish) is a type of marine fish found in the Pacific Ocean.	marine fish found,smallmouth bonefish,shortjaw bonefish,sharpjaw bonefish,roundjaw bonefish,pacific ocean,pacific bonefish,albula glossodonta,type,indo
The Women's 58 kg weightlifting event at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, United Kingdom, took place at ExCeL London on 30 July.	2012 summer olympics,united kingdom,took place,excel london,london,women
The M5 is a United States minimum metal plastic cased anti-tank blast mine.	united states minimum metal plastic cased anti,tank blast mine
The 2002–2007 Spider-Man film series, also called the Sam Raimi trilogy or the Tobey Maguire trilogy, is a superhero film series consisting of three Spider-Man films with the same director and main actor: Spider-Man (2002), Spider-Man 2 (2004) and Spider-Man 3 (2007).	superhero film series consisting,tobey maguire trilogy,sam raimi trilogy,man film series,2007 ).,three spider,man films,man 2,main actor,also called,spider,man,director
Heinrich Arp was a 1,428 GRT cargo ship that was built in 1923 by shipyard F Schichau, Elbling, Weimar Republic for German owners «Heinrich F C Arp» (S. Öllgaard & Thoersen), Hamburg.	german owners « heinrich f c arp »,shipyard f schichau,heinrich arp,thoersen ), hamburg,weimar republic,öllgaard,elbling,built,1
The 1996 Michigan State Spartans football team competed on behalf of Michigan State University in the Big Ten Conference during the 1996 NCAA Division I-A football season.	michigan state university,big ten conference,football season,behalf
Thieves and Villains are an American indie rock band from the Hudson Valley region of New York, formed in 2007, and signed to Victory Records.	american indie rock band,hudson valley region,victory records,new york,villains,thieves,signed,formed
Vital Viktaravich Hayduchyk (Belarusian: Віталь Віктаравіч Гайдучык; Russian: Виталий Викторович Гайдучик; born 12 July 1989) is a Belarusian professional footballer.	віталь віктаравіч гайдучык,виталий викторович гайдучик,vital viktaravich hayduchyk,belarusian professional footballer,belarusian,russian
Michael Hugh Harold Bedford-Jones is a retired Canadian Suffragan Bishop.Bedford-Jones was educated at Trinity College, Toronto  and ordained in 1968.	retired canadian suffragan bishop,michael hugh harold bedford,trinity college,bedford,toronto,ordained,jones,educated
Marisa Petroro (born February 11, 1972; sometimes credited as Marisa Parker) is an American actress and model.	sometimes credited,marisa petroro,marisa parker,american actress,model
Musciame or mosciame is a traditional Italian preserved meat made from the salted and sun-dried flesh of dolphins.	traditional italian preserved meat made,dried flesh,sun,salted,musciame,mosciame,dolphins
Same-sex marriage has been legally recognized in Utah since December 20, 2013, when the state began issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples as the result of Judge Robert J. Shelby of the U.S. District Court for Utah ruling in the case of Kitchen v.	state began issuing marriage licenses,judge robert j,sex marriage,utah ruling,sex couples,legally recognized,kitchen v,district court,u,shelby,result,case
This is a list of countries that have used postal orders.	used postal orders,list,countries
The Loevestein faction (Dutch: Loevesteinse factie) or the Loevesteiners were a Dutch States Party in the second half of the 17th century in the County of Holland, the dominant province of the Dutch Republic.	dutch states party,second half,loevesteinse factie,loevestein faction,dutch republic,dominant province,dutch,loevesteiners,holland,county
Tordis Ørjasæter (born 25 March 1927) is a Norwegian literary critic, biographer, former professor of educational science, and novelist.	norwegian literary critic,tordis ørjasæter,former professor,educational science,novelist,biographer
The Braille pattern dots-6 ( ⠠ ) is a 6-dot braille cell with the bottom right dot raised, or an 8-dot braille cell with the lower-middle right dot raised.	middle right dot raised,bottom right dot raised,dot braille cell,braille pattern dots,⠠,lower,6
Winston Churchill Boulevard is a long north-south roadway that predominately forms the western boundary of Peel Region with the eastern boundaries of Halton Region and Wellington County, in Ontario, Canada.	winston churchill boulevard,western boundary,wellington county,south roadway,predominately forms,peel region,long north,halton region,eastern boundaries,ontario,canada
Blaž Kavčič was the defending champion, but lost to his compatriot Aljaž Bedene in the second round.	compatriot aljaž bedene,second round,defending champion,blaž kavčič,lost
Agri-Energy Roundtable (AER) is a nonprofit and non-governmental organization accredited by the United Nations and established in 1980 as a forum for encouraging dialogue on cooperative energy and agricultural development between industrialized and developing nations.	governmental organization accredited,united nations,energy roundtable,encouraging dialogue,developing nations,cooperative energy,agricultural development,nonprofit,non,industrialized,forum,established,agri,aer
According to tradition, Baakun is one of the ancient towns in Yoruba Land, and one of the earliest settlements in Ife Empire in Nigeria.	yoruba land,ife empire,earliest settlements,ancient towns,tradition,one,nigeria,baakun,according
Tizqar of Kish was the nineteenth Sumerian king in the First Dynasty of Kish (after c.	nineteenth sumerian king,first dynasty,tizqar,kish,c
Dr.	dr
Guinglo-Gbéan is a village in western Ivory Coast.	western ivory coast,village,guinglo,gbéan
Jörg Jüttner (born 16 September 1941) is a German sprinter.	jörg jüttner,german sprinter
Willem "Wim" Kok (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈʋɪm ˈkɔk] (listen); 29 September 1938 – 20 October 2018) was a Dutch politician who served as Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 22 August 1994 until 22 July 2002.	22 july 2002,ˈʋɪm ˈkɔk,prime minister,dutch pronunciation,dutch politician,wim,willem,served,netherlands,kok
Terence Lewis (born 29 December 1935), known as Terry Lewis, is a politician in the United Kingdom.	united kingdom,terry lewis,terence lewis,politician
The Matka class is the NATO reporting name for a group of hydrofoil missile boats built for the Soviet Navy (Baltic Fleet and Black Sea Fleet).	hydrofoil missile boats built,black sea fleet ).,nato reporting name,baltic fleet,soviet navy,matka class,group
Scythris aspromontis is a moth of the Scythrididae family.	scythris aspromontis,scythrididae family,moth
DoDTechipedia is a wiki developed by the United States Department of Defense (DoD), to facilitate increased communication and collaboration among DoD scientists, engineers, program managers, acquisition professionals, and operational warfighters.	collaboration among dod scientists,united states department,facilitate increased communication,dod ),,wiki developed,program managers,operational warfighters,acquisition professionals,engineers,dodtechipedia,defense
Sant'Angelo della Polvere (originally called Sant'Angelo di Concordia, later Sant'Angelo di Contorta  and Sant'Angelo di Caotorta)  is an island in the Venetian Lagoon, in the Contorta channel, not far from the Giudecca and the island of San Giorgio in Alga.	angelo di concordia,angelo di caotorta,angelo della polvere,angelo di contorta,originally called sant,contorta channel,venetian lagoon,san giorgio,later sant,sant,island,giudecca,far,alga
Dorothy Annan (20 January 1900 – 28 June 1983) was an English painter,
potter and muralist, married to the painter and sculptor Trevor Tennant.	sculptor trevor tennant,dorothy annan,english painter,painter,potter,muralist,married
Leon "Pee Wee" Whittaker (1906 – July 22, 1993) was an African American musician from the Mississippi River delta country of Louisiana, Mississippi, and Arkansas who was particularly known as a trombonist of jazz, blues, and rock music.	mississippi river delta country,african american musician,rock music,pee wee,particularly known,mississippi,whittaker,trombonist,louisiana,leon,jazz,blues,arkansas
Hon.	hon
A go-no gauge (or go/no-go) refers to an inspection tool used to check a workpiece against its allowed tolerances.	inspection tool used,allowed tolerances,workpiece,refers,go,gauge,check
The alkali–silica reaction (ASR), more commonly known as "concrete cancer", is a swelling reaction that occurs over time in concrete between the highly alkaline cement paste and the reactive non-crystalline (amorphous) silica found in many common aggregates, given sufficient moisture.	highly alkaline cement paste,alkali – silica reaction,many common aggregates,given sufficient moisture,concrete cancer ",,swelling reaction,silica found,reactive non,commonly known,asr ),,concrete,time,occurs,crystalline,amorphous
Emil Wingstedt (born 9 May 1975) is a Swedish orienteering competitor.	swedish orienteering competitor,emil wingstedt
Armenian draughts is a variant of draughts (or checkers) played in Armenia.	armenian draughts,draughts,variant,played,checkers,armenia
Amir ol Mowmenin (Persian: اميرالمومنين‎, also Romanized as Amīr ol Mow’menīn and Amīr ol Mo’menīn) is a village in Abezhdan Rural District, Abezhdan District, Andika County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	amīr ol mow ’ menīn,amīr ol mo ’ menīn,اميرالمومنين ‎, also romanized,amir ol mowmenin,abezhdan rural district,abezhdan district,khuzestan province,andika county,village,persian,iran
Keith Eric Martin (born September 22, 1966, Washington, D.C.) is an American R&B singer-songwriter and record producer, currently living in Philippines.	keith eric martin,record producer,currently living,c .),b singer,american r,washington,songwriter,philippines
An ideal constant-force spring is a spring for which the force it exerts over its range of motion is a constant, that is, it does not obey Hooke's law.	obey hooke,ideal constant,force spring,spring,force,constant,range,motion,law,exerts
The Vurpăr branch line was a Narrow-gauge rail line Sibiu County, Romania.	gauge rail line sibiu county,vurpăr branch line,romania,narrow
The 1887 AHAC season was the inaugural season of the Amateur Hockey Association of Canada.	amateur hockey association,inaugural season,canada
Farukh Khan is a Pakistani politician who has been a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan since August 2018.	pakistani politician,national assembly,farukh khan,member
Stillington is a village in County Durham, England, northwest of Stockton-on-Tees.	county durham,village,tees,stockton,stillington,northwest,england
Milicent Washburn Shinn (April 15, 1858 – August 14, 1940) was a child psychologist who was the first woman to receive a doctorate from the University of California, Berkeley.	milicent washburn shinn,first woman,child psychologist,university,receive,doctorate,california,berkeley
Cockett station was a former station on the West Wales Line from Swansea to Gowerton and onwards to Llanelli.	west wales line,former station,cockett station,swansea,onwards,llanelli,gowerton
The Siege of Berwick lasted four months in 1333, and resulted in the Scottish-held town of Berwick-upon-Tweed (commonly known as Berwick) being captured by an English army commanded by King Edward III (r.	berwick lasted four months,king edward iii,english army commanded,held town,commonly known,berwick,upon,tweed,siege,scottish,resulted,r,captured
Echo Beach is a British soap opera that aired on ITV in 2008.	british soap opera,echo beach,itv,aired
Protocaiman is a caimanine genus first described in 2018.	caimanine genus first described,protocaiman
Saint-Martin-Château  is a commune in the Creuse department in central France.	creuse department,central france,saint,martin,commune,château
Akita-Yake-Yama is a small stratovolcano in Akita Prefecture, Japan, that is known for its radioactive waters.	small stratovolcano,radioactive waters,akita prefecture,akita,yama,yake,known,japan
The Azores Geopark (Portuguese: Geoparque Açores) is a network of 121 geographically-dispersed sites of geographic heritage and marine areas that covers the nine volcanic islands of the archipelago of the Azores.	nine volcanic islands,marine areas,geoparque açores,geographic heritage,dispersed sites,azores geopark,azores,portuguese,network,covers,archipelago
The Wyoming Supreme Court is the highest court in the U.S. state of Wyoming.	wyoming supreme court,highest court,wyoming,u,state
Annibale Bergonzoli (1 November 1884 – 31 July 1973), nicknamed "barba elettrica", "Electric Whiskers", was an Italian Lieutenant General who served during World War I, the Spanish Civil War and World War II. In 1940 he commanded the defences of Bardia, Libya.	italian lieutenant general,electric whiskers ",,barba elettrica ",,spanish civil war,world war ii,world war,annibale bergonzoli,served,libya,defences,commanded,bardia
Carros (Occitan: Carròs) is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.	southeastern france,maritimes department,occitan,commune,carròs,carros,alpes
Fastigiella carinata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Cerithiidae.	marine gastropod mollusk,sea snail,fastigiella carinata,family cerithiidae,species
Janaseva Vidya Kendra (JSVK), commonly known as Janaseva Vidya Kendra Boys Hostel, is located on Magadi Road, Channenahalli, in Bangalore in the Indian state of Karnataka.	janaseva vidya kendra boys hostel,jsvk ), commonly known,janaseva vidya kendra,magadi road,indian state,located,karnataka,channenahalli,bangalore
The brown recluse, Loxosceles reclusa, Sicariidae (formerly placed in a family "Loxoscelidae") is a recluse spider with a necrotic venom.	recluse spider,necrotic venom,loxoscelidae "),loxosceles reclusa,formerly placed,brown recluse,sicariidae,family
Châtelaudren (Breton: Kastellaodren, Gallo: Le Chastèu) is a former commune in the Côtes-d'Armor department of Brittany in northwestern France.	northwestern france,le chastèu,former commune,armor department,kastellaodren,gallo,côtes,châtelaudren,brittany,breton
Nealcidion adjunctum is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	nealcidion adjunctum,family cerambycidae,species,beetle
Yves Christian Victor Delacour (15 March 1930 – 14 March 2014) was a French rower who competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics.In 1956 he was a crew member of the French boat which won the bronze medal in the coxless four event.	yves christian victor delacour,coxless four event,french rower,french boat,crew member,bronze medal,competed
Robert "Bob" Osserman (December 19, 1926 – November 30, 2011) was an American mathematician who worked in geometry.	december 19,american mathematician,worked,robert,osserman,geometry,bob
Asthulu Anthasthulu (English: Property-Status) is a 1988 Telugu action drama film, produced by Smt.	asthulu anthasthulu,status,smt,property,produced,english
The Sierra San Antonio is a mountain range in southernmost Arizona state (U.S.) and northern Sonora state (México).	southernmost arizona state,sierra san antonio,northern sonora state,méxico ).,mountain range,u,.)
Michal Hubník (born 1 June 1983 in Vsetín) is a Czech footballer (striker) playing currently for FK Jablonec.	playing currently,michal hubník,fk jablonec,czech footballer,vsetín,striker
Mythe Railway Nature Reserve (grid reference SO887341) is a 2.8-hectare (6.9-acre) nature reserve in Gloucestershire.	mythe railway nature reserve,nature reserve,hectare,gloucestershire,acre,8,2
Cartosat-2E is an Earth observation satellite developed by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO), and is the seventh in the Cartosat series.	indian space research organisation,earth observation satellite developed,isro ),,cartosat series,cartosat,seventh
Mark Andrew Vermeulen (born 2 March 1979) is a former Zimbabwean cricketer, who played Test matches and One Day Internationals.	played test matches,one day internationals,mark andrew vermeulen,former zimbabwean cricketer
Patrick McDonnell (born March 17, 1956) is a cartoonist, author and playwright.	patrick mcdonnell,playwright,cartoonist,author
Vile Parle (station code: VLP) is a railway station on the Western line and Harbour line of the Mumbai Suburban Railway network.	mumbai suburban railway network,railway station,western line,vile parle,station code,harbour line,vlp
ThunderCats is an American animated television series that was produced by Rankin/Bass Animated Entertainment and Leisure Concepts debuting in 1985, based on the characters created by Ted "Tobin" Wolf.	american animated television series,bass animated entertainment,leisure concepts debuting,characters created,wolf,tobin,thundercats,ted,rankin,produced,based
This is a list of members of the eighth Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly, as elected at and subsequent to the October 2012 election.	eighth australian capital territory legislative assembly,subsequent,members,list,elected
Paweł Giel (born 8 December 1989) is a Polish footballer who plays as a midfielder for GKS Bełchatów in the Ekstraklasa.	polish footballer,paweł giel,gks bełchatów,plays,midfielder,ekstraklasa
The Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SZSE; Chinese: 深圳证券交易所) is a stock exchange based in the city of Shenzhen, China.	stock exchange based,shenzhen stock exchange,shenzhen,深圳证券交易所,szse,city,chinese,china
Gelatinodiscus is a genus of fungi in the family Helotiaceae.	family helotiaceae,genus,gelatinodiscus,fungi
The Weapons Intelligence Non Proliferation and Arms Control Center (WINPAC) is a United States Intelligence Community office that provides assessments to "all types of foreign weapons threats." Among its tasks, WINPAC analyzes intelligence related to dual-use technology and export controls.	united states intelligence community office,weapons intelligence non proliferation,foreign weapons threats .",winpac analyzes intelligence related,arms control center,use technology,provides assessments,export controls,winpac,types,tasks,dual,among
Jillz, (formerly known as Charli) is a mix of cider, barley and water with a fruity flavor.	fruity flavor,formerly known,water,mix,jillz,cider,charli,barley
The 2013–14 Segunda División de Futsal season is the 21st season of second-tier futsal in Spain since its inception in 1993.	tier futsal,spain since,second,inception
The Detroit–Columbia Central Office Building is a building located at 52 Selden Street in Midtown Detroit, Michigan.	detroit – columbia central office building,midtown detroit,building located,michigan
The 2011–12 FC Zenit Saint Petersburg season is the 16th straight season that the club will play in the Russian Premier League, the highest tier of football in Russia.	16th straight season,russian premier league,highest tier,russia,play,football,club
The 1998 Maine gubernatorial election took place on November 3, 1998.	november 3
Nazi Megastructures is a documentary television series appearing on the National Geographic Channel.	documentary television series appearing,national geographic channel,nazi megastructures
Inmarsat plc (LSE: ISAT) is a British satellite telecommunications company, offering global mobile services.	offering global mobile services,british satellite telecommunications company,inmarsat plc,lse,isat
Ben Margulies is a Grammy-nominated songwriter and a RIAA nine-time platinum certified record producer, as well as a drummer, guitarist, piano player and singer.	time platinum certified record producer,riaa nine,piano player,nominated songwriter,ben margulies,well,singer,guitarist,grammy,drummer
St.	st
Glaucocharis lathonia is a moth in the family Crambidae.	glaucocharis lathonia,family crambidae,moth
Guillermo Irizarry-Rubio (April 12, 1916 – November 21, 2017) was a Puerto Rican politician who served as the Secretary of State of Puerto Rico.	puerto rican politician,puerto rico,guillermo irizarry,state,served,secretary,rubio
The yobibyte is a multiple of the unit byte for digital information.	unit byte,digital information,yobibyte,multiple
The Jean Monnet Programme, also known as the Jean Monnet Project, is a European Union initiative to encourage teaching, research and reflection in the field of European integration studies in higher education institutions.	jean monnet project,jean monnet programme,higher education institutions,european union initiative,european integration studies,encourage teaching,also known,research,reflection,field
The Peddler and the Lady (Italian title: Campo de' fiori) is a 1943 Italian comedy film directed by Mario Bonnard and starring Caterina Boratto, Cristiano Cristiani and Peppino De Filippo.	starring caterina boratto,peppino de filippo,italian title,campo de,mario bonnard,cristiano cristiani,peddler,lady,fiori
Gouaux-de-Larboust  is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.	southwestern france,garonne department,larboust,haute,gouaux,de,commune
The 1996 Cup of Russia was the sixth event of six in the 1996–97 ISU Champions Series, a senior-level international invitational competition series.	level international invitational competition series,sixth event,six,senior,russia
The SG Barockstadt Fulda-Lehnerz is a German association football club from the Lehnerz suburb of Fulda, Hesse.	german association football club,sg barockstadt fulda,lehnerz suburb,fulda,lehnerz,hesse
Amaradix bitterrootensis is a species of flea in the family Ceratophyllidae.	family ceratophyllidae,amaradix bitterrootensis,species,flea
Fighting (Chinese: 英雄之战) is a 2014 Chinese action-romance film directed by Yu Junhao and starring Lu Yi, Peter Ho, Wei Yi and Zhang Zhikang.	romance film directed,starring lu yi,wei yi,zhang zhikang,yu junhao,peter ho,chinese,英雄之战,fighting
John Joseph Vanak (1933-November 26, 2016) was a referee in the American Basketball Association and the National Basketball Association.He was a United States Navy Veteran serving during the Korean War on the USS Roosevelt.	united states navy veteran serving,national basketball association,john joseph vanak,american basketball association,uss roosevelt,korean war,referee,1933
G. W. Peck is a pseudonymous attribution used as the author or co-author of a number of published mathematics academic papers.	published mathematics academic papers,pseudonymous attribution used,w,peck,number,g,co,author
Grasscycling refers to an aerobic (requires air) method  of handling grass clippings by leaving them on the lawn when mowing.	handling grass clippings,requires air,grasscycling refers,mowing,method,leaving,lawn,aerobic
Ellen Hamilton (16 December 1889 – 1 November 1970) was a Swedish fencer.	swedish fencer,ellen hamilton
John Samuel "Jack" Marshall (21 March 1926 – 6 March 2013) was a rugby union player who represented Australia.	rugby union player,represented australia,john samuel,marshall,jack
Cirque Peak (72°11′S 165°58′E) is a peak 1 nautical mile (2 km) south of Le Couteur Peak, in the Millen Range, Victoria Land, Antarctica.	72 ° 11 ′,le couteur peak,cirque peak,victoria land,millen range,south,antarctica
UNIO, established in 1911, is a large company specialised in machine building, mechanical assembling works and hydraulic, pneumatic and electric equipment assembling commissioning and service for the mining, energy and assembling industries.	electric equipment assembling commissioning,mechanical assembling works,large company specialised,assembling industries,machine building,unio,service,pneumatic,mining,hydraulic,established,energy
Akase Station (赤瀬駅, Akase-eki) is a railway station on the Misumi Line, operated by Kyushu Railway Company in Uto, Kumamoto, Japan.	kyushu railway company,railway station,misumi line,akase station,akase,赤瀬駅,uto,operated,kumamoto,japan,eki
Brécy is a commune in the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region of France.	val de loire region,cher department,france,commune,centre,brécy
The Battle on the Planta, fought in November 1475, was part of the Burgundian Wars.	burgundian wars,planta,part,fought,battle
Lincoln McCarthy (born 22 October 1993) is a professional Australian rules football player for the Brisbane Lions in the Australian Football League (AFL).	professional australian rules football player,australian football league,lincoln mccarthy,brisbane lions,afl ).
Los Olivos () is a census-designated place in the Santa Ynez Valley of Santa Barbara County, California.	santa ynez valley,santa barbara county,los olivos (),designated place,census,california
The UCI Cyclo-cross World Championships are the world championships for cyclo-cross organised by the Union Cycliste Internationale (UCI).	union cycliste internationale,cross world championships,world championships,cross organised,uci ).,uci cyclo,cyclo
The Rangeline Conference was an IHSAA-Sanctioned High School Athletic Conference that lasted from 1965 to 1999, containing schools in Boone, Clinton, Delaware, Hamilton, Hancock, Hendricks, Howard, Marion, Shelby, and Tipton Counties in Central Indiana at various points, though never having more than five counties represented at one time, and the largest membership at once being eight schools.	sanctioned high school athletic conference,five counties represented,rangeline conference,tipton counties,various points,though never,one time,largest membership,eight schools,containing schools,central indiana,shelby,marion,lasted,ihsaa,howard,hendricks,hancock,hamilton,delaware,clinton,boone,1965
Beckenham is a post town and district of London in the London Borough of Bromley, England.	post town,london borough,london,england,district,bromley,beckenham
Léopold "Pol" Anoul (19 August 1922 – 11 February 1990) was a Belgian footballer.	belgian footballer,pol,léopold,anoul
Dominion Chair Company is the name commonly used to refer to the wooden furniture manufacturing company that operated from 1860 to 1989 in Bass River, Nova Scotia, Canada.	wooden furniture manufacturing company,dominion chair company,name commonly used,nova scotia,bass river,refer,operated,canada,1860
Dolan Township is an inactive township in Cass County, in the U.S. state of Missouri.Dolan Township has the name of James Dolan, a pioneer settler.	pioneer settler,james dolan,inactive township,dolan township,cass county,u,state,name,missouri
Upper St.	upper st
Jaén is one of the 59 constituencies (Spanish: circunscripciones) represented in the Senate of Spain, the upper chamber of the Spanish parliament, the Cortes Generales.	upper chamber,cortes generales,spanish parliament,spanish,spain,senate,represented,one,jaén,circunscripciones
The Abbey Lawn in Bourne, Lincolnshire, England, is a centrally located space used as the principal recreation ground in the town.	centrally located space used,principal recreation ground,abbey lawn,town,lincolnshire,england,bourne
Tucker Powell Smith (January 29, 1898 – June 25, 1970) was an economics professor of Brookwood Labor College and Olivet College.	tucker powell smith,brookwood labor college,olivet college,economics professor
John Otto Ondawame (November 30, 1953 – September 4, 2014) was an academic and activist of the West Papua liberation movement.	west papua liberation movement,john otto ondawame,activist,academic
El Roble is a town and municipality located in the Sucre Department, northern Colombia.	sucre department,northern colombia,municipality located,el roble,town
Jerzy Troszczynski (1932-1977) was a Polish photographer and actor who specialised in movie photography.	polish photographer,movie photography,jerzy troszczynski,specialised,actor,1932
Najwa Nimri Urrutikoetxea (Spanish: [ˈnaʝwa ˈnimri]) (born 14 February 1972) is a Spanish actress and singer of Navarrese and Jordanian descent.	ˈnaʝwa ˈnimri ]),najwa nimri urrutikoetxea,jordanian descent,spanish actress,spanish,singer,navarrese
Guglielmo Rapinett (born 1843 and died 1912) was a Maltese politician.	maltese politician,guglielmo rapinett,born 1843
"Rabbit or Duck" is the 15th episode of the fifth season of the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother and 103rd episode overall.	15th episode,fifth season,cbs sitcom,rabbit,mother,met,duck
Statistics of Swiss National League A in the 1992–93 football season.	swiss national league,statistics
Harborough Town Football Club is a football club based in  Market Harborough, Leicestershire, England.	harborough town football club,football club based,market harborough,leicestershire,england
The Dungeons & Dragons Companion Set is an expansion boxed set for the Dungeons & Dragons (D&D) fantasy role-playing game.	expansion boxed set,dragons companion set,playing game,fantasy role,dragons,dungeons
Bab El Gorjani (Arabic: باب الغرجيني‎) is one of the gates of the medina of Tunis, the capital of Tunisia.	باب الغرجيني ‎),bab el gorjani,tunisia,tunis,one,medina,gates,capital,arabic
Amelia Batistich  (née Barbarich, 11 March 1915 – 21 August 2004) was a New Zealand fiction writer of Croatian descent.	new zealand fiction writer,née barbarich,croatian descent,amelia batistich
The major industries of Tasmania, have been: mining, agriculture, aquaculture, fishing, forestry; and tourism.	major industries,tourism,tasmania,mining,forestry,fishing,aquaculture,agriculture
The 1990 FIFA World Cup was the 14th FIFA World Cup, the quadrennial international football tournament.	quadrennial international football tournament,14th fifa world cup
Direct Hits is the first UK compilation album released by The Who.	first uk compilation album released,direct hits
Abbey Lee Kershaw (born 12 June 1987) is an Australian model, actress and musician.	abbey lee kershaw,australian model,musician,actress
Jackie Wong (born April 11, 1982) is a figure skating analyst.	figure skating analyst,jackie wong
Just Faaland (January 25, 1922 – February 17, 2017 ) was a Norwegian political economist.	norwegian political economist,faaland
Don't Rush Love (恋はあせらず, Koha Aserazu) is a Japanese one-shot manga written and illustrated by Mio Tennohji.	shot manga written,rush love,mio tennohji,koha aserazu,japanese one,恋はあせらず,illustrated
Mercatello sul Metauro (Romagnol: Mercatèl) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Pesaro e Urbino in the Italian region Marche, located about 100 kilometres (62 mi) west of Ancona and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Pesaro.	mercatello sul metauro,italian region marche,pesaro e urbino,50 kilometres,100 kilometres,pesaro,west,southwest,romagnol,province,municipality,mercatèl,located,comune,ancona
War memorials were erected in many towns of Queensland, Australia, in commemoration of the service and death of many Queenslanders in World War I.


== History ==
Queensland had few civic monuments before the First World War.	== history == queensland,first world war,world war,war memorials,many towns,many queenslanders,civic monuments,queensland,service,erected,death,commemoration,australia
Morula fuscoimbricata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Muricidae, the murex snails or rock snails.	marine gastropod mollusk,sea snail,rock snails,murex snails,morula fuscoimbricata,family muricidae,species
Komakihara Station (小牧原駅, Komakihara-eki) is a train station in Komaki, Aichi Prefecture, Japan.	train station,aichi prefecture,komakihara station,komakihara,小牧原駅,komaki,japan,eki
The R281 road is a regional road in Ireland linking Kinlough and Glenfarne in County Leitrim.From Kinlough the road passes along the south shore of Lough Melvin before joining the R282 near Rossinver.	road passes along,ireland linking kinlough,regional road,south shore,lough melvin,county leitrim,kinlough,joining,glenfarne
Eric Semborski (born June 1, 1993) is an American ice hockey player who served as an emergency goaltender for the Chicago Blackhawks and Philadelphia Flyers during the 2016–17 NHL season.	american ice hockey player,philadelphia flyers,eric semborski,emergency goaltender,chicago blackhawks,served
The BMW F22/F23 is the first generation of the BMW 2 Series lineage of compact coupés and convertibles.	bmw f22,first generation,compact coupés,convertibles
Noga Hareuveni (1924–2007) was an Israeli botanist and scholar of Judaic studies.In 1994 Noga Hareuveni won the Israel Prize for his leading role in the creation of a Biblical garden and nature preserve, named Neot Kedumim.	named neot kedumim,1994 noga hareuveni,noga hareuveni,nature preserve,leading role,judaic studies,israeli botanist,israel prize,biblical garden,scholar,creation
Gennady Vasilevich Kolbin (Russian: Геннадий Васильевич Колбин; born on 7 May 1927 in Nizhny Tagil – 15 January 1998) was the First Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Kazakh SSR from December 16, 1986 to June 22, 1989.	геннадий васильевич колбин,gennady vasilevich kolbin,kazakh ssr,first secretary,communist party,central committee,russian,born,1986
The Church Patronage (Scotland) Act 1711 or Patronage Act is an Act of the Parliament of Great Britain (10 Ann.	great britain,church patronage,patronage act,act,scotland,parliament
Palaeopython is an extinct genus of snake from the Eocene of the Messel shales, Germany.	messel shales,extinct genus,snake,palaeopython,germany,eocene
Abid Hussain Ansari  is a Kashmiri Indian politician, businessman and a proponent of the Grand Ashura Procession In Kashmir.	kashmiri indian politician,grand ashura procession,abid hussain ansari,proponent,kashmir,businessman
The Running of the Brides was a one-day sale of wedding gowns, garnering local media attention because of the sight of hundreds of brides-to-be scrambling for bargains.	garnering local media attention,wedding gowns,day sale,sight,scrambling,running,one,hundreds,brides,bargains
Allium koreanum, the Korean rocky chive, is a species of Allium endemic to the Korean Peninsula.It has three to six leaves that are 20–54 cm (7.9–21.3 in) long and 2–7.4 cm (0.79–2.91 in) wide, and a sheath that is 7.6–22.4 cm (3.0–8.8 in) long.	9 – 21,6 – 22,korean rocky chive,0 – 8,korean peninsula,six leaves,allium koreanum,allium endemic,7,wide,three,species,sheath,long,3
Wysoka Strzyżowska [vɨˈsɔka stʂɨˈʐɔfska] (Ukrainian: Висока, Vysoka) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Strzyżów, within Strzyżów County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	within strzyżów county,gmina strzyżów,wysoka strzyżowska,vɨˈsɔka stʂɨˈʐɔfska,subcarpathian voivodeship,eastern poland,administrative district,висока,vysoka,village,ukrainian,south
The coat of arms of North Dakota was created for use by the state government and National Guard units.	national guard units,state government,north dakota,use,created,coat,arms
Leaves for the Burning, Mervyn Wall's third novel, and his first non humorous work was written in 1952.	first non humorous work,third novel,mervyn wall,written,leaves,burning
Thommanum Makkalum (English: Thomman and Sons) is a 2005 Malayalam film directed by Shafi, written by Benny P. Nayarambalam, and produced by Lal under his production house Lal Creations.	production house lal creations,thommanum makkalum,benny p,lal,written,thomman,sons,shafi,produced,nayarambalam,english
Giuseppe Galli  (February 24, 1933 in Ravenna, Italy – September 9, 2016 in Macerata, Italy) was an Italian physician and psychologist.	italian physician,giuseppe galli,italy,ravenna,psychologist,macerata,1933
Tetris (テトリス, Tetorisu) is a puzzle video game for the Game Boy released in 1989.	puzzle video game,game boy released,テトリス,tetris,tetorisu
Hymenopenaeus doris, is a species of prawn in the family Solenoceridae, they live in the Eastern Pacific in areas like Mexico, Peru, and Costa Rica, from depths of 549–4802 meters deep.	areas like mexico,hymenopenaeus doris,family solenoceridae,eastern pacific,costa rica,species,prawn,peru,live,depths
Tear gas, formally known as a lachrymator agent or lachrymator (from the Latin lacrima, meaning "tear"), sometimes colloquially known as mace, is a chemical weapon that causes severe eye and respiratory pain, skin irritation, bleeding, and even blindness.	tear "), sometimes colloquially known,causes severe eye,tear gas,formally known,skin irritation,respiratory pain,latin lacrima,even blindness,chemical weapon,lachrymator agent,lachrymator,meaning,mace,bleeding
Fredrick Barton (aka, Rick Barton) is an American novelist and well-known New Orleans film critic.	known new orleans film critic,rick barton,fredrick barton,american novelist,well,aka
Perforated hardboard is tempered hardboard which is pre-drilled with evenly spaced holes.	evenly spaced holes,tempered hardboard,perforated hardboard,pre,drilled
Maheshinte Prathikaaram (lit. Mahesh's Revenge) is a 2016 Indian Malayalam-language comedy-drama film directed by Dileesh Pothan (in his directorial debut) and produced by Aashiq Abu.	drama film directed,maheshinte prathikaaram,language comedy,directorial debut,dileesh pothan,aashiq abu,revenge,produced,mahesh,lit
Allan Knorr (23 September 1927 – 28 October 2002) was an Australian rules footballer who played for the Collingwood Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	victorian football league,collingwood football club,australian rules footballer,vfl ).,allan knorr,played
A pipelayer (or pipe-layer or drain layer) is a skilled tradesman who lays pipe, such as for storm sewers, sanitary sewers, drains, and water mains.	water mains,storm sewers,skilled tradesman,sanitary sewers,lays pipe,drain layer,pipe,layer,pipelayer,drains
Fixed Mobile Substitution, usually abbreviated to FMS, is the use of a mobile phone (cellular phone) instead of a fixed, wired, POTS telephone.	fixed mobile substitution,mobile phone,usually abbreviated,pots telephone,cellular phone,fixed,wired,use,instead,fms
Antonio Somma (born Udine, 28 August 1809 – died Venice, 8 August 1864) was an Italian playwright who  is most well known for writing the libretto of an opera which ultimately became Giuseppe Verdi's Un ballo in maschera in 1859.	ultimately became giuseppe verdi,well known,un ballo,italian playwright,born udine,antonio somma,writing,opera,maschera,libretto

== Women's 50 m Freestyle - Final ==	final ==,== women,freestyle
De Clerck is a Dutch occupational surname, particularly common in Flanders.	dutch occupational surname,particularly common,de clerck,flanders
The 2017 Nicholls State Colonels football team represented Nicholls State University in the 2017 NCAA Division I FCS football season.	fcs football season
Antonio Rubino (15 May 1880 – 1 July 1964) was an Italian illustrator, cartoonist, animation director, screenwriter, playwright, author and poet.	italian illustrator,antonio rubino,animation director,screenwriter,poet,playwright,cartoonist,author
Preston Bierce Plumb (October 12, 1837 – December 20, 1891) was a United States Senator from Kansas, as well as an officer in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	united states senator,preston bierce plumb,american civil war,union army,well,officer,kansas
Brize Norton and Bampton railway station was a railway station 1 mile (1.6 km) south of the village of Brize Norton on the Oxford, Witney and Fairford Railway between Oxford and Fairford.	bampton railway station,fairford railway,brize norton,1,fairford,witney,village,south,oxford
The ABC Hornet was an 80 hp (90 kW) four-cylinder aero engine designed in the late 1920s by the noted British engineer Granville Bradshaw for use in light aircraft.	noted british engineer granville bradshaw,cylinder aero engine designed,light aircraft,abc hornet,80 hp,use,four
Maarten de Jonge (born 9 March 1985) is a Dutch cyclist who rides for the UCI Continental Monkey Town Continental Team.	uci continental monkey town continental team,maarten de jonge,dutch cyclist,rides
Punch-marked coins are a type of early coinage of India, dating to between about the 6th and 2nd centuries BC. It was of irregular shape.	marked coins,irregular shape,early coinage,type,punch,india,dating
A leadership election was held in the Civic Democratic Party (ODS) on 19 November 2006 following the 2006 legislative elections.	2006 legislative elections,civic democratic party,leadership election,ods,held
The following is a list of notable deaths in May 2000.	notable deaths,list,following
William IV of Saint Omer (fl. 1157 – 1191) was the castellan of Saint-Omer from ca.	william iv,saint omer,saint,omer,fl,castellan,ca
Bear Spring is an unincorporated community in Stewart County, Tennessee, in the United States.	united states,unincorporated community,stewart county,bear spring,tennessee
Prekorje (pronounced [ˈpɾeːkɔɾjɛ]) is a settlement in the City Municipality of Celje in eastern Slovenia.	ˈpɾeːkɔɾjɛ ]),eastern slovenia,city municipality,settlement,pronounced,prekorje,celje
A war hawk, or simply hawk, is 
a term used in politics for someone favoring war in a debate over whether to go to war, or whether to continue or escalate an existing war.	someone favoring war,war hawk,term used,simply hawk,existing war,war,whether,politics,go,escalate,debate,continue
The Sociedad Económica de Amigos del País en Puerto Rico (1813-1899) was a learned society in Spanish colonial San Juan, Puerto Rico, modelled after the Sociedad Económica de los Amigos del País in Spain.	sociedad económica de amigos del país en puerto rico,sociedad económica de los amigos del país,spanish colonial san juan,puerto rico,learned society,spain,modelled,1813
The 2010 Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs season was the 76th in the club's history.	bankstown bulldogs season,history,club
The Entertainer is a solo album by jazz pianist Jaki Byard.	jazz pianist jaki byard,solo album,entertainer
The Soviet national lads (youth) football team was a special under-18 football team of the Soviet Union designated specifically for FIFA World Youth Championship (today FIFA U-20 World Cup).	soviet union designated specifically,fifa world youth championship,today fifa u,soviet national lads,football team,youth,special
Guennady Anatolyevich Moisseev (Russian: Генна́дий Анато́льевич Моисе́ев; February 3, 1948 – July 23, 2017) was a Russian former Grand Prix motocross racer.	генна ́ дий анато ́ льевич моисе ́ ев,russian former grand prix motocross racer,guennady anatolyevich moisseev,russian
Partula hyalina is a species of air-breathing tropical land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the family Partulidae.	terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk,breathing tropical land snail,partula hyalina,family partulidae,species,air
Charles H. Kloth was a Union Army soldier in the American Civil War who received the U.S. military's highest decoration, the Medal of Honor.Outside of his military service, Kloth's life is obscure, but it is known that he was born in Europe, and entered service in Chicago, Illinois.	union army soldier,american civil war,highest decoration,entered service,charles h,military service,military,u,received,outside,obscure,medal,life,known,kloth,illinois,honor,europe,chicago,born
Clifty Wilderness is a 13,344-acre (54 km2) wilderness area located in the U.S. state of Kentucky.	wilderness area located,clifty wilderness,u,state,kentucky,acre,13
Transit Eastern Ontario (TEO) (French: Transport est-ontarien) was a commuter bus service which operated from communities along the Highway 417 corridor, east of Ottawa in Eastern Ontario, Canada.	commuter bus service,transit eastern ontario,eastern ontario,transport est,communities along,teo,ottawa,operated,ontarien,french,east,canada
Deer Park is an unincorporated community in McMillan Township, Luce County in the U.S. state of Michigan.	unincorporated community,mcmillan township,luce county,deer park,u,state,michigan
The Rose That Grew from Concrete (1999) is a collection of poetry written between 1989 and 1991 by Tupac Shakur, published by Pocket Books through its MTV Books imprint.	mtv books imprint,pocket books,tupac shakur,poetry written,rose,published,grew,concrete,collection,1991
Kolyai Rural District (Persian: دهستان كليائي‎) is a rural district (dehestan) in the Central District of Asadabad County, Hamadan Province, Iran.	دهستان كليائي ‎),kolyai rural district,rural district,central district,hamadan province,asadabad county,persian,iran,dehestan
Neil Mann (born 19 November 1972 in Nottingham, England) is a former professional footballer who made 177 appearances in the Football League playing for Hull City and Scarborough.	made 177 appearances,former professional footballer,football league playing,neil mann,hull city,scarborough,nottingham,england
Brimbank Stallions Football Club is an Australian soccer club from Sunshine.	brimbank stallions football club,australian soccer club,sunshine
Kachifo Limited is an independent publishing house based in Lagos, Nigeria.	independent publishing house based,kachifo limited,nigeria,lagos
Olov Englund (born 5 March 1983) is a Swedish bandy player who currently plays for Kalix Bandy as a defender.	swedish bandy player,kalix bandy,olov englund,currently plays,defender
Earthquake in Chile (German: Das Erdbeben in Chili) is a 1975 West German television drama film directed by Helma Sanders-Brahms.	helma sanders,german,das erdbeben,earthquake,chili,chile,brahms
Toledo 5, The CW (formerly ToledoVision 5 and Toledo's WB 5) was a cable channel serving Northwest Ohio, primarily serving the city of Toledo and Northwest Ohio.	cable channel serving northwest ohio,northwest ohio,primarily serving,toledo 5,toledo,cw,city
William J. S. Donnelly (1844 – March 11, 1914) was an author and political figure in Newfoundland.	william j,political figure,newfoundland,donnelly,author
Alfonso de la Cerda, called of Spain (France, 1289 - Gentilly, France, 1327) from the Castilian House of Ivrea was Archdeacon of Paris, baron of Lunel and Lord of Tafalla & Caparroso.	alfonso de la cerda,castilian house,tafalla,spain,paris,lunel,lord,ivrea,gentilly,france,caparroso,called,baron,archdeacon,1289
Below is a list of Armenian language exonyms for places.	armenian language exonyms,places,list
The 2006 Wyoming Cowboys football team represented the University of Wyoming in the 2006 NCAA Division I FBS football season.	fbs football season,wyoming,university
Kheyran Bareh (Persian: خيران بره‎, also Romanized as Kheyrān Bareh; also known as Kheylāv Berah) is a village in Boluran Rural District, Darb-e Gonbad District, Kuhdasht County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	خيران بره ‎, also romanized,e gonbad district,boluran rural district,also known,lorestan province,kuhdasht county,kheyrān bareh,kheyran bareh,kheylāv berah,village,persian,iran,darb
In computing, the Windows Sockets API (WSA), later shortened to Winsock, is a technical specification that defines how Windows network software should access network services, especially TCP/IP. It defines a standard interface between a Windows TCP/IP client application (such as an FTP client or a web browser) and the underlying TCP/IP protocol stack.	wsa ), later shortened,access network services,windows sockets api,windows network software,ip protocol stack,ip client application,windows tcp,ftp client,web browser,underlying tcp,technical specification,standard interface,especially tcp,ip,winsock,defines,computing
Martina Hingis was the defending champion but lost in the semifinals to Jana Novotná, in a rematch of the previous year's final.	previous year,martina hingis,jana novotná,defending champion,semifinals,rematch,lost,final
Marcus Sieger (7 October 1975) is a German wheelchair curler.	german wheelchair curler,marcus sieger
Jeff Kidder (November 15, 1875 - April 5, 1908) was an American lawman in the closing days of the American Old West.	american old west,american lawman,jeff kidder,closing days,1908
Kramerhof is a municipality in the Vorpommern-Rügen district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.	rügen district,vorpommern,municipality,mecklenburg,kramerhof,germany
Foot rot, or infectious pododermatitis, is a hoof infection commonly found in sheep, goats, and cattle.	hoof infection commonly found,infectious pododermatitis,foot rot,sheep,goats,cattle
The Secretary of the California Senate is a nonpartisan officer of the Senate and is elected at the beginning of each two-year session.	year session,nonpartisan officer,california senate,senate,two,secretary,elected,beginning
Pseudorhabdosynochus bacchus is a diplectanid monogenean parasitic on the gills of groupers.	diplectanid monogenean parasitic,pseudorhabdosynochus bacchus,groupers,gills
Sofia Moshevich (Hebrew: סופיה מושביץ'‎; born 1949) is a Ukrainian-born pianist, teacher and researcher who lived in Moscow, Jerusalem and Johannesburg before emigrating to Canada where she now lives in Toronto.	born pianist,sofia moshevich,ukrainian,toronto,teacher,researcher,moscow,lives,lived,johannesburg,jerusalem,hebrew,emigrating,canada
Bridgwater and Taunton College is a further education college based in the heart of Somerset, England, with main centres in Bridgwater, Taunton and Cannington.	education college based,taunton college,main centres,taunton,somerset,heart,england,cannington,bridgwater
The Obalúmo is a royal personage, a traditional monarch amongst the Igbomina clan of the Yorubas of West Africa.	traditional monarch amongst,west africa,royal personage,igbomina clan,yorubas,obalúmo
The UFE-III (Ultra Fuel Economy-third generation) is a mini-hybrid concept car being developed by Daihatsu.	ultra fuel economy,hybrid concept car,third generation,ufe,mini,iii,developed,daihatsu
Jacqueline is an oil painting by Pablo Picasso, created in 1961.	pablo picasso,oil painting,jacqueline,created
Ron Butler is a Jamaican guitarist, notable for his association and work with several Reggae groups and also with producer's including Quincy Jones.	several reggae groups,including quincy jones,ron butler,jamaican guitarist,work,producer,notable,association,also
You've Still Got a Place in My Heart is an album by American country music artist George Jones released in 1984 on the Epic Records label.	american country music artist george jones released,epic records label,still got,place,heart,album
Evelyn Clare Momsen Hailey (April 21, 1921 – March 29, 2011) was an American politician.	evelyn clare momsen hailey,april 21,american politician
Stetinden (Lom)  is a mountain of Oppland, in southern Norway.	southern norway,stetinden,oppland,mountain,lom
Sarah Bostwick (born 1979 in Ridgefield, Connecticut) is an American artist, known for her architecture or landscape inspired, minimal, cast and carved drawings.	sarah bostwick,landscape inspired,carved drawings,american artist,ridgefield,minimal,known,connecticut,cast,architecture
The 2017 Houston Texans season was the franchise's 16th season in the National Football League and the fourth under head coach Bill O'Brien.	national football league,head coach bill,franchise,fourth,brien
Sextus Julius Caesar was a Roman praetor in 208 BC, during the Second Punic War.	sextus julius caesar,second punic war,roman praetor
"C'est dans l'air" (English: "It's in the Air") is a 2008 electronic dance song recorded by French singer-songwriter Mylène Farmer.	songwriter mylène farmer,est dans l,french singer,air "),air,english,c
Wins Above Replacement or Wins Above Replacement Player, commonly abbreviated to WAR or WARP, is a non-standardized sabermetric baseball statistic developed to sum up "a player's total contributions to his team".	standardized sabermetric baseball statistic developed,total contributions,team ".,commonly abbreviated,replacement player,replacement,player,wins,warp,war,sum,non
The first election to the Neath Port Talbot County Borough Council was held on 4 May 1995.	neath port talbot county borough council,first election,held
In physics, the  n-body problem is the problem of predicting the individual motions of a group of celestial objects interacting with each other gravitationally.	celestial objects interacting,individual motions,body problem,problem,predicting,physics,n,group,gravitationally
Ramesh McLean Srivastava (born June 26, 1983) is an American singer and songwriter.	ramesh mclean srivastava,american singer,songwriter
Morgan Horse, is a public artwork by artist Alexandrovich “Sascha” Stanislav Schnittmann, located in front of the Triton Museum of Art, Santa Clara, CA, United States.	artist alexandrovich “ sascha ” stanislav schnittmann,united states,triton museum,santa clara,public artwork,morgan horse,located,front,ca,art
The Life is the third studio album from American R&B singer Ginuwine, released on Epic Records in 2001.	third studio album,b singer ginuwine,epic records,american r,released,life
Anopina potosiensis is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	family tortricidae,anopina potosiensis,species,moth
The Skeleton Key is a 2005 American supernatural horror film directed by Iain Softley, written by Ehren Kruger and starring Kate Hudson, Gena Rowlands, John Hurt, Peter Sarsgaard and Joy Bryant.	starring kate hudson,skeleton key,peter sarsgaard,joy bryant,john hurt,iain softley,gena rowlands,ehren kruger,written
Lambda is the name of a series of Japanese carrier rockets.	japanese carrier rockets,series,name,lambda
Sure Chill is a cooling technology which is currently being used in medical refrigerators, but has wider potential in the future for domestic refrigerators and beverage coolers.	wider potential,sure chill,medical refrigerators,domestic refrigerators,cooling technology,beverage coolers,used,future,currently
Bowen Wildlife Management Area is a Wildlife Management Area in Prince George's County, Maryland.	bowen wildlife management area,wildlife management area,prince george,maryland,county
Gary L. Jerke (born February 21, 1948) is an American former politician.	american former politician,gary l,jerke
The Port Mann Bridge is a 10-lane cable-stayed bridge that opened to traffic in 2012.	port mann bridge,stayed bridge,lane cable,traffic,opened,10
Jean Ferdinand Rozier (1777–1864) was a French-American businessman whose partners included naturalist John James Audubon and lead mogul Firmin Rene Desloge.	american businessman whose partners included naturalist john james audubon,lead mogul firmin rene desloge,jean ferdinand rozier,french
The 1940 Palestine Cup (Hebrew: הגביע הארץ-ישראלי‎, HaGavia HaEretz-Israeli) was the eleventh season of Israeli Football Association's nationwide football cup competition.	ישראלי ‎, hagavia haeretz,nationwide football cup competition,israeli football association,הגביע הארץ,eleventh season,israeli,hebrew
August Matias Syrjäläinen (24 April 1891 in Vyborg – 18 May 1960 in Espoo) was a Finnish football (soccer) goalkeeper who competed in the 1912 Summer Olympics.	august matias syrjäläinen,1912 summer olympics,finnish football,soccer,goalkeeper,espoo,competed
The 2015–16 Azerbaijan First Division  is the second-level of football in Azerbaijan.	azerbaijan,second,level,football
The Monastery of Saint George of Skyros (Greek: Άη-Γώργης Σκυριανός) is a Byzantine monastery on the Greek island of Skyros.	γώργης σκυριανός,saint george,greek island,byzantine monastery,monastery,greek,άη,skyros
István Hevesi (2 April 1931 – 9 February 2018) was a Hungarian water polo player who competed in the  1956 Summer Olympics and in the 1960 Summer Olympics.	hungarian water polo player,1956 summer olympics,istván hevesi,competed
Foothills Mall is an indoor regional shopping mall located on the Northwest Side of Tucson, Arizona, in the community of Casas Adobes.	indoor regional shopping mall located,foothills mall,northwest side,casas adobes,tucson,community,arizona
Girardia multidiverticulata is a cave-dwelling freshwater planarian from Brazil.	dwelling freshwater planarian,girardia multidiverticulata,cave,brazil
The 2012 Weber State Wildcats football team represented Weber State University in the 2012 NCAA Division I FCS football season.	fcs football season
English billiards, called simply billiards in the United Kingdom, where it originated, and in many former British colonies such as Australia, is a cue sport that combines the aspects of carom billiards and pocket billiards.	many former british colonies,called simply billiards,pocket billiards,english billiards,carom billiards,united kingdom,cue sport,originated,combines,australia,aspects
Piper Jaffray Companies (NYSE: PJC) is American multinational independent investment bank and financial services company focused on mergers and acquisitions, financial restructuring, public offerings, public finance, institutional brokerage, investment management and securities research.	american multinational independent investment bank,financial services company focused,piper jaffray companies,investment management,financial restructuring,securities research,public offerings,public finance,institutional brokerage,pjc,nyse,mergers,acquisitions
Giovanni Andrea Bontempi (ca.	giovanni andrea bontempi,ca
Nicholas John Okwir is a Ugandan accountant, banker and business executive, who served as the founding managing director and chief executive officer of Housing Finance Bank, Uganda's largest mortgagee lender, between November 2007 until December 2013.Prior to that, from January 1983 until November 2007, he served as the chief accountant of what was then Housing Finance Company, before it was granted a banking licence by the Bank of Uganda in January 2008.	nicholas john okwir,largest mortgagee lender,housing finance company,founding managing director,housing finance bank,chief executive officer,chief accountant,business executive,ugandan accountant,january 2008,december 2013,banking licence,bank,uganda,served,prior,granted,banker
Brad Drew (born 25 August 1975) is an Australian former professional rugby league footballer of the 1990s and 2000s.	australian former professional rugby league footballer,brad drew,1990s
Graham Ronald Farrow is an English playwright and screenwriter who lives in Yarm-on-Tees but was born in Middlesbrough and educated at Scarborough College in North Yorkshire.	graham ronald farrow,scarborough college,north yorkshire,english playwright,yarm,tees,screenwriter,middlesbrough,lives,educated,born
We Can Replace You is the debut CD of the Chicago-based rock band, The Cells.	based rock band,debut cd,replace,chicago,cells
Joaquín 'Ximo' Navarro Armero (born 12 September 1988) is a Spanish professional footballer who plays mainly as a right midfielder.	spanish professional footballer,right midfielder,plays mainly,navarro armero,ximo,joaquín
The 1981 Caesars Palace Grand Prix was a Formula One motor race held on October 17, 1981, in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.	formula one motor race held,united states,las vegas,nevada
Aethes taiwanica is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	family tortricidae,aethes taiwanica,species,moth
The Hall Art Foundation is an organization, founded in 2007 by Andrew Hall, which oversees two museums, one in Vermont and one in Germany.	oversees two museums,hall art foundation,andrew hall,vermont,organization,one,germany,founded
Below are the fifteen largest hedge funds in the world ranked by discretionary assets under management as of mid 2018.	fifteen largest hedge funds,world ranked,discretionary assets,management
"The Killing Moon" is a song by the band Echo & the Bunnymen.	killing moon,band echo,song,bunnymen
The men's team épée was one of eight fencing events on the fencing at the 1972 Summer Olympics programme.	eight fencing events,team épée,fencing,one,men
Rory Lamont (born 10 October 1982 in Perth) is a former rugby union player who played fullback and on the wing for Glasgow Warriors and Scotland.	former rugby union player,rory lamont,played fullback,glasgow warriors,wing,scotland,perth
Giuseppe Giacomo Gambino (Palermo, May 21, 1941 – Milan, November 30, 1996), also known as u tignusu (the bald one) was a member of the Mafia and head of the San Lorenzo mandamento.	san lorenzo mandamento,giuseppe giacomo gambino,u tignusu,may 21,bald one,palermo,member,mafia,head
Admaston railway station was a railway station serving the village of Admaston in Shropshire, England.	railway station serving,admaston railway station,admaston,village,shropshire,england
The 914.	
Yūko Ichihara (壱原侑子, Ichihara Yūko) is a fictional character from the manga xxxHolic created by the team Clamp.	manga xxxholic created,yūko ichihara,team clamp,ichihara yūko,fictional character,壱原侑子
The Arrowhead Library System (ALS) is the regional public library system that serves the seven counties in northeastern Minnesota and is geographically the largest public library system in the state.	regional public library system,largest public library system,arrowhead library system,seven counties,northeastern minnesota,state,serves,geographically,als
Khomsa is an album by Tunisian oud player Anouar Brahem recorded in 1994 and released on the ECM label.	tunisian oud player anouar brahem recorded,ecm label,released,khomsa,album
Captain Noel William Ward Webb  (12 December 1896 – 16 August 1917) was a British World War I flying ace credited with fourteen aerial victories.	captain noel william ward webb,fourteen aerial victories,flying ace credited,british world war
A connectome () is a comprehensive map of neural connections in the brain, and may be thought of as its "wiring diagram".	wiring diagram ".,neural connections,connectome (),comprehensive map,thought,may,brain
Kishimoto Station (岸本駅, Kishimoto-eki) is a train station in Hōki, Tottori Prefecture, Japan.	train station,tottori prefecture,kishimoto station,kishimoto,岸本駅,japan,hōki,eki
"You Made My Day Tonight" is a single by Canadian country music group Canadian Zephyr.	canadian country music group canadian zephyr,day tonight,single,made
The Vialaeaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota, class Sordariomycetes.	class sordariomycetes,vialaeaceae,fungi,family,ascomycota
For the country singer, see Loretta Lynn.Loretta Elizabeth Lynch (born May 21, 1959) is an American lawyer who served as the 83rd Attorney General of the United States from 2015 to 2017.	see loretta lynn,loretta elizabeth lynch,83rd attorney general,united states,country singer,american lawyer,served,2015
The Ministry of Justice of the Republic of Croatia (Croatian: Ministarstvo pravosuđa) is the ministry in the Government of Croatia which is in charge of prosecuting government cases and the administration of institutions falling within the scope of the judiciary system (courts, prisons, etc.).	institutions falling within,prosecuting government cases,ministarstvo pravosuđa,judiciary system,government,scope,republic,prisons,ministry,justice,etc,croatian,croatia,courts,charge,administration,).
The 1948–49 William & Mary Indians men's basketball team represented the College of William & Mary in intercollegiate basketball during the 1948–49 NCAA men's basketball season.	1948 – 49 william,mary indians men,basketball team represented,intercollegiate basketball,basketball season,william,mary,college
The IBM ThinkPad 600 series was a series of notebook computers introduced in 1998 by IBM as the immediate predecessor to the T-series which still exists today under Lenovo ownership.	still exists today,notebook computers introduced,lenovo ownership,immediate predecessor,series,ibm
Alan Scott (2 March 1936 – 26 January 2009) was a blacksmith and baking traditionalist who designed and built brick ovens and coauthored a book promoting their use for cooking breads and pizza.	built brick ovens,cooking breads,book promoting,baking traditionalist,alan scott,use,pizza,designed,coauthored,blacksmith
The Great Lakes Valley Conference (GLVC) Men's Basketball Tournament is the annual conference basketball championship tournament for the Great Lakes Valley Conference.	annual conference basketball championship tournament,great lakes valley conference,basketball tournament,men,glvc
Laura Ràfols Parellada (born 23 June 1990) is a former Spanish footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	laura ràfols parellada,former spanish footballer,played,goalkeeper
Bathanatos was a Celtic king in Thrace that ruled the Scordisci.	celtic king,thrace,scordisci,ruled,bathanatos
Les Vierges du Québec is the twelfth studio album by Canadian Singer/Songwriter Jean-Pierre Ferland.	les vierges du québec,twelfth studio album,songwriter jean,pierre ferland,canadian singer
"Kazeboon" (also spelled "Kazabun"), which means "liars" in Arabic, is a public-awareness and alternative media campaign in Egypt critical of the  Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (SCAF), the current governing power.	current governing power,alternative media campaign,supreme council,scaf ),,kazabun "),,egypt critical,armed forces,also spelled,public,means,liars,kazeboon,awareness,arabic
Richard Kirshenbaum (born May 8, 1961) is an advertising executive, author and entrepreneur in New York City.	new york city,richard kirshenbaum,advertising executive,entrepreneur,author
Romain Hardy (born 24 August 1988) is a professional cyclist, who currently rides for UCI Professional Continental team Arkéa–Samsic.Hardy left Bretagne–Schuller at the end of the 2012 season, and joined Cofidis for the 2013 season.	uci professional continental team arkéa – samsic,hardy left bretagne – schuller,professional cyclist,romain hardy,joined cofidis,currently rides,2012 season,end
A ship's bell is a bell on a ship that is used for the indication of time as well as other traditional functions.	traditional functions,well,used,time,ship,indication,bell
Trachydactylus is a genus of geckos from the Middle East.	middle east,trachydactylus,genus,geckos
The Four Doctors is a Big Finish Productions full cast audio drama based on the long-running British science fiction television series Doctor Who.	big finish productions full cast audio drama based,running british science fiction television series doctor,four doctors,long
Love Per Square Foot is a 2018 Indian romantic comedy film produced by Ronnie Screwvala and directed by Anand Tiwari.	love per square foot,ronnie screwvala,anand tiwari,directed
Phillipsia is a genus of fungi in the family Sarcoscyphaceae.	family sarcoscyphaceae,phillipsia,genus,fungi
Kozhikode Light Metro is a proposed mass rapid transport system (MRTS) for the city of Kozhikode (Calicut), in India.	proposed mass rapid transport system,kozhikode light metro,calicut ),,kozhikode,mrts,india,city
CityFM is a former temporary broadcasting station in Melbourne, Australia.	former temporary broadcasting station,melbourne,cityfm,australia
YTJ (also known as the Business Information System, BIS) is a Finnish government service jointly maintained by the Finnish Patent and Registration Office (PRH) and the Finnish Tax Administration providing an access to the Finnish Trade Register and the Finnish Register of Foundations and an ability to file information for both agencies.	finnish government service jointly maintained,finnish tax administration providing,finnish trade register,business information system,finnish register,finnish patent,file information,registration office,also known,ytj,prh,foundations,bis,agencies,access,ability
Vystrkov is a village and municipality (obec) in Pelhřimov District in the Vysočina Region of the Czech Republic.	vysočina region,pelhřimov district,czech republic,vystrkov,village,obec,municipality
Charles William Frank Newman is a British Judge and member of the Judicial Appointments Commission.	charles william frank newman,judicial appointments commission,british judge,member
Chinwe Ifeoma Chukwuogo-Roy MBE (2 May 1952 − 17 December 2012) was a visual artist who was born in Awka (Oka), Anambra state, Nigeria, but spent much of her young life in Ikom on the Cameroon border, before moving back to the family home at Umubele in Awka.	oka ), anambra state,chinwe ifeoma chukwuogo,young life,visual artist,spent much,roy mbe,moving back,family home,cameroon border,umubele,nigeria,ikom,born,awka
In science, buckling is an instability that leads to structural failure.	structural failure,science,leads,instability,buckling
Oliver Jung (born 1972 in Germany) is an entrepreneur and investor based in Tel Aviv, Israel, specializing in the global expansion of Internet and mobile enterprises in the early stages of development.	tel aviv,oliver jung,mobile enterprises,investor based,global expansion,early stages,specializing,israel,internet,germany,entrepreneur,development
Gajana is a small village in Jamnagar district of Gujarat, India.	small village,jamnagar district,india,gujarat,gajana
Brandenburg (German pronunciation: [ˈbʁandn̩bʊɐ̯k] (listen); Low German: Brannenborg, Lower Sorbian: Bramborska, Upper Sorbian: Braniborsko) is a state of Germany.	ˈbʁandn ̩ bʊɐ ̯ k,listen ); low german,german pronunciation,upper sorbian,lower sorbian,state,germany,brannenborg,braniborsko,brandenburg,bramborska
The following lists events that happened during 1896 in South Africa.	following lists events,south africa,happened
Microsporum gypseum is a soil-associated dermatophyte that occasionally is known to infect the upper dead layers of the skin of mammals.	upper dead layers,microsporum gypseum,associated dermatophyte,soil,skin,occasionally,mammals,known,infect
The Gwangam Tunnel (광암터널) is a road tunnel located on Hanam, Gyeonggi Province, Korea.	road tunnel located,gwangam tunnel,gyeonggi province,광암터널,korea,hanam
%5B%5BWikipedia%3ARedirects+for+discussion%5D%5D+debate+closed+as+delete	discussion,delete,debate,closed,5bwikipedia,3aredirects
Kidd is a surname.	surname,kidd
A Family Album is a children's album and fifth studio album by The Verve Pipe.	fifth studio album,verve pipe,family album,album,children
Magnolia is a borough in Camden County, New Jersey, United States.	united states,new jersey,camden county,magnolia,borough
The University of Akron Zips football program is a college football team that represents the University of Akron (formerly known as Buchtel College).	akron zips football program,college football team,buchtel college ).,formerly known,akron,university,represents
A Man Needs a Woman is a 1968 album by James Carr.	man needs,james carr,woman
The 2014–15 McNeese State Cowgirls basketball team represented McNeese State University during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I women's basketball season.	2014 – 15 ncaa division,basketball season,women
Nathan Cunningham (born September 30, 1981) is a Canadian bobsledder.Born  in Calgary, Alberta, Cunningham began competing in bobsleigh in 2002, and joined the national team in 2003.	cunningham began competing,nathan cunningham,national team,canadian bobsledder,born,joined,calgary,bobsleigh,alberta,2002
The gens Ogulnia was an ancient plebeian family at Rome.	ancient plebeian family,gens ogulnia,rome
Phyllanthus latifolius is a species of plant in the Phyllanthaceae family.	phyllanthus latifolius,phyllanthaceae family,species,plant
Emanuel "Manny" Steward (July 7, 1944 – October 25, 2012) was an American boxer, trainer, and commentator for HBO Boxing.	july 7,hbo boxing,american boxer,trainer,steward,manny,emanuel,commentator
The eyebrowed jungle flycatcher (Vauriella gularis) is a species of bird in the Old World flycatcher family Muscicapidae.	old world flycatcher family muscicapidae,eyebrowed jungle flycatcher,vauriella gularis,species,bird
Battlantis (バトランティス), is a fixed shooter arcade game released by Konami in July 1987.	fixed shooter arcade game released,バトランティス ),,konami,battlantis
Mabalstad is a town in Bojanala District Municipality in the North West province of South Africa.	north west province,bojanala district municipality,south africa,town,mabalstad
Banco Itaú was a former Brazilian bank that merged with Unibanco on November 4, 2008, to form Itaú Unibanco.	former brazilian bank,form itaú unibanco,banco itaú,unibanco,merged
Liège–Bastogne–Liège, often called La Doyenne ("The Old Lady"), is a one-day classic cycling race in Belgium.	often called la doyenne (",liège – bastogne – liège,day classic cycling race,old lady "),,one,belgium
The Tower of Pianosa or Tower of Cala Rossa (Corsican: Torra di Pianosa) is a ruined Genoese tower located in the commune of Occhiatana on the west coast of the Corsica.	ruined genoese tower located,torra di pianosa,west coast,cala rossa,tower,pianosa,occhiatana,corsican,corsica,commune
The Geddes Committee is the name by which the United Kingdom's Shipbuilding Inquiry Committee of 1965-6 was more generally known.	shipbuilding inquiry committee,geddes committee,united kingdom,generally known,name,1965
Mikyle Louis (born 19 August 2000) is a Kittitian cricketer.	mikyle louis,kittitian cricketer
Mysore–Chamarajanagar branch line is an Indian railway line from Mysore Junction to Chamarajanagar.	mysore – chamarajanagar branch line,indian railway line,mysore junction,chamarajanagar
The  Alfa Romeo 450 is a truck manufactured by Alfa Romeo from 1947 to 1959.	alfa romeo,truck manufactured,1947
Busler is a surname.	surname,busler
The 1995 US Open was a tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts at the USTA National Tennis Center in New York City in New York in the United States.	usta national tennis center,tennis tournament played,outdoor hard courts,new york city,new york,united states
Fairhope is an unincorporated community in Somerset County, Pennsylvania, United States.	united states,unincorporated community,somerset county,pennsylvania,fairhope
Chris Duvall (born September 10, 1991) is an American professional soccer player who plays as a right back for the Houston Dynamo in Major League Soccer.	american professional soccer player,major league soccer,right back,houston dynamo,chris duvall,plays
Frederick William Thomas Craske was Bishop of Gibraltar  from 1953 to 1959.	frederick william thomas craske,gibraltar,bishop,1953
Arpad, the Gypsy (French: Arpad le Tzigane, German: Arpad, der Zigeuner) is a Hungarian-French-German television film series which aired on ORTF in France and ZDF in Germany between 1973 and 1974.	german television film series,arpad le tzigane,der zigeuner,german,arpad,zdf,ortf,hungarian,gypsy,germany,french,france,aired,1973
Black Paladins is an album by American jazz saxophonist Joseph Jarman and percussionist Don Moye featuring Johnny Dyani recorded in 1979 for the Italian Black Saint label.	moye featuring johnny dyani recorded,american jazz saxophonist joseph jarman,italian black saint label,black paladins,percussionist,album
Edward Richard de Grazia (February 5, 1927 – April 11, 2013) was an American lawyer, writer, and free speech activist.De Grazia was born in Chicago.	edward richard de grazia,free speech activist,de grazia,american lawyer,writer,chicago,born
Pulaski is an unincorporated community in Indian Creek Township, Pulaski County, in the U.S. state of Indiana.	indian creek township,unincorporated community,pulaski county,pulaski,u,state,indiana
Cheilanthes distans is a species of lip fern known by the common name bristly cloak fern.	common name bristly cloak fern,lip fern known,cheilanthes distans,species
Soul Stirrin' is an album by American trombonist Bennie Green recorded in 1958 and released on the Blue Note label.	american trombonist bennie green recorded,blue note label,soul stirrin,released,album
Cyperus orgadophilus is a sedge of the Cyperaceae family that is native to Australia.The rhizomatous perennial sedge typically grows to a height of 0.3 to 0.8 metres (1.0 to 2.6 ft).	rhizomatous perennial sedge typically grows,cyperus orgadophilus,cyperaceae family,sedge,native,height,australia,2,0
Anna Margaretha Geiger (1783–1809) was a German pastellist.	anna margaretha geiger,german pastellist
The West Ewell and Ruxley Residents Association (WERRA) was formed in 1956 to give local people an independent voice about their area.	ruxley residents association,give local people,west ewell,independent voice,werra,formed,area
Ashton Sixth Form College is a sixth form college located in Ashton-under-Lyne in Greater Manchester, England.	sixth form college located,ashton sixth form college,greater manchester,ashton,lyne,england
The 2014–15 LSU Lady Tigers basketball team will represent Louisiana State University during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I women's basketball season college basketball season.	2014 – 15 ncaa division,basketball season college basketball season,represent louisiana state university,women
Melica tibetica, is a grass species in the Poaceae family that is endemic to China and can be found in such provinces as Inner Mongolia, Qinghai, Sichuan, and Xizang.	poaceae family,melica tibetica,inner mongolia,grass species,xizang,sichuan,qinghai,provinces,found,endemic,china
Pachyplectrus is a genus of thick scavenger scarab beetles in the family Hybosoridae.	thick scavenger scarab beetles,family hybosoridae,pachyplectrus,genus
The  logothetēs toū stratiōtikou (Greek: λογοθέτης τοῦ στρατιωτικοῦ), rendered in English as the Logothete of the Military or Military Logothete, was a Byzantine imperial official in charge of the pay and provisioning of the Byzantine army.	λογοθέτης τοῦ στρατιωτικοῦ ), rendered,logothetēs toū stratiōtikou,byzantine imperial official,byzantine army,military logothete,military,logothete,provisioning,pay,greek,english,charge
Bujkovci (Macedonian: Бујковци) is a village in the Ilinden Municipality of Macedonia.	ilinden municipality,бујковци,village,macedonian,macedonia,bujkovci
Tasmina Perry is an internationally best-selling British novelist.	selling british novelist,tasmina perry,internationally best
Kinlochbervie Camanachd Club is a shinty club from Kinlochbervie, Sutherland, Scotland.	kinlochbervie camanachd club,shinty club,kinlochbervie,sutherland,scotland
Dante Adrián Senger (born 4 March 1983) is an Argentine footballer, he plays for Swiss Challenge League side Neuchâtel Xamax FCS


== Career ==
He was FC Locarno's topscorer after the departure of Juan Sara.	swiss challenge league side neuchâtel xamax fcs == career ==,dante adrián senger,juan sara,fc locarno,argentine footballer,topscorer,plays,departure
ITC is an Indian cigarette company which is headquartered in Kolkata.	indian cigarette company,kolkata,itc,headquartered
Microgonia is a genus of moth in the family Geometridae.	family geometridae,moth,microgonia,genus
The 2009 Open Prévadiès was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor red clay courts.	professional tennis tournament played,outdoor red clay courts
David Barron (born 10 September 1987) is a Scottish footballer, who plays for Hurlford United in the SJFA West Region Premiership.	sjfa west region premiership,scottish footballer,hurlford united,david barron,plays
For the incorporated town, formerly called Scuffletown, see Surry, Virginia.Smithville is an unincorporated community in Accomack County, Virginia.	formerly called scuffletown,unincorporated community,see surry,incorporated town,accomack county,virginia,smithville
Wagawaga is an Oceanic language spoken on the southeastern tip of Papua New Guinea.	papua new guinea,oceanic language spoken,southeastern tip,wagawaga
Saint-Viance  is a commune in the Corrèze department in central France.	corrèze department,central france,viance,saint,commune
Eminox Limited is an English firm which designs and manufactures high performance stainless steel exhaust and emission control systems for bus, truck, rail and off-highway vehicles.	manufactures high performance stainless steel exhaust,emission control systems,highway vehicles,english firm,eminox limited,truck,rail,designs,bus
The Hongdu JL-8 (Nanchang JL-8), also known as the Karakorum-8 or K-8 for short, is a two-seat intermediate jet trainer and a light attack aircraft designed in the People's Republic of China by China Nanchang Aircraft Manufacturing Corporation.	china nanchang aircraft manufacturing corporation,light attack aircraft designed,seat intermediate jet trainer,nanchang jl,hongdu jl,china,two,short,republic,people,karakorum,k
From July 1, 2016 to April 23, 2017, the following skiing events took place at various locations around the world.	following skiing events took place,various locations around,april 23,world,2016
Rebecca Seawright is the Assembly member for the 76th District of the New York State Assembly.	new york state assembly,assembly member,rebecca seawright
Allen Joseph Ellender (September 24, 1890 – July 27, 1972) was a U.S. senator from Houma in Terrebonne Parish in south Louisiana, who served from 1937 until 1972 when he died in office in Maryland at the age of eighty-one.	allen joseph ellender,terrebonne parish,south louisiana,u,served,senator,one,office,maryland,houma,eighty,died,age,1937
Ghuryx malagasella is a moth in the Xyloryctidae family.	xyloryctidae family,ghuryx malagasella,moth
Gourdon () nicknamed Gurdin by the population, is a coastal fishing village in Aberdeenshire, Scotland, south of Inverbervie and north of Johnshaven, with a natural harbour.	gourdon () nicknamed gurdin,coastal fishing village,natural harbour,south,scotland,population,north,johnshaven,inverbervie,aberdeenshire
An acorn nut, also referred to as crown hex nut, blind nut, cap nut, domed cap nut, or dome nut (UK), is a nut that has a domed end on one side.	crown hex nut,domed cap nut,cap nut,domed end,dome nut,blind nut,acorn nut,uk ),,one side,also referred,nut
Brigader General Ronald S. Mangum (born November 14, 1944) is a retired United States Army general officer, author, and lawyer.	retired united states army general officer,brigader general ronald,mangum,lawyer,author
Youngia japonica, commonly called Oriental false hawksbeard, is a species of flowering plant in the aster family.	commonly called oriental false hawksbeard,youngia japonica,flowering plant,aster family,species
Frank Burt Davison (1855–1935) is considered one of the founding fathers of Texas City, Texas, its first postmaster and grocer.	frank burt davison,founding fathers,first postmaster,considered one,texas city,texas,grocer
St Vincent Whitshed Erskine (1846 - 1918),  Surveyor General of South Africa, was an early explorer in Gazaland and was the first European to travel down the length of the Limpopo river to its mouth.	st vincent whitshed erskine,south africa,limpopo river,first european,early explorer,travel,mouth,length,gazaland
The 2007–08 season was Juventus Football Club's 110th in existence and first season back in the top flight of Italian football.	first season back,juventus football club,italian football,top flight,existence
Wolfgang Joachim Zuckermann (11 October 1922 – 31 October 2018) was a German-born American harpsichord maker and writer.	born american harpsichord maker,wolfgang joachim zuckermann,writer,german
Malamore is a 1982 Italian melodrama film co-written and directed by Eriprando Visconti and starring Nathalie Nell and Jimmy Briscoe.	starring nathalie nell,jimmy briscoe,eriprando visconti,written,malamore,directed
Al Mi Ani Oved (Hebrew: על מי אני עובד, English translation: Who am I Fooling) is the third and to-date final studio album by the Israeli singer-artist, Yoni Bloch, released in 2008.	על מי אני עובד,date final studio album,al mi ani oved,yoni bloch,israeli singer,english translation,third,released,hebrew,fooling,artist
Rutherford backscattering spectrometry (RBS) is an analytical technique used in materials science.	rutherford backscattering spectrometry,analytical technique used,materials science,rbs
Phyllonorycter klemannella is a moth of the family Gracillariidae.	phyllonorycter klemannella,family gracillariidae,moth
Colin Roy Pattenden (born November 1947, Farnborough, Kent, England) is an English bass guitarist, chiefly known for his membership of Manfred Mann's Earth Band.	english bass guitarist,colin roy pattenden,manfred mann,earth band,chiefly known,membership,kent,farnborough,england
Wola Piskulina [ˈvɔla pʲiskuˈlʲina] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Łącko, within Nowy Sącz County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship, in southern Poland.	within nowy sącz county,lesser poland voivodeship,southern poland,ˈvɔla pʲiskuˈlʲina,wola piskulina,gmina łącko,administrative district,village
Jack Herbert Driberg (April 1888 – 5 February 1946) was a British anthropologist.	jack herbert driberg,british anthropologist
Aarma or Äärma is an Estonian surname that may refer to	may refer,estonian surname,äärma,aarma
The Paraguaian hairy dwarf porcupine, Coendou spinosus, is a South American porcupine species from the family Erethizontidae.	south american porcupine species,paraguaian hairy dwarf porcupine,family erethizontidae,coendou spinosus
Agave sileri (synonym Manfreda sileri) is a species known only from coastal areas in the States of Texas and Tamaulipas.	synonym manfreda sileri,agave sileri,species known,coastal areas,texas,tamaulipas,states
The Râul Jnepenișului is a tributary of the Sfârcașu River in Romania.	sfârcașu river,râul jnepenișului,tributary,romania
"Iron horse" is an iconic literary term (currently transitioning into an archaic reference) for a steam locomotive, originating in the early 1800s when horses still powered most machinery, excepting windmills and stationary steam engines.	iconic literary term,horses still powered,stationary steam engines,steam locomotive,iron horse,excepting windmills,currently transitioning,archaic reference,originating,machinery
Nathaniel Lawrence (July 11, 1761 – July 15, 1797) was an American lawyer and politician.	july 11,nathaniel lawrence,american lawyer,politician
Quiet World were an English band formed by The Heather Brothers John, Lee, and Neil Heather in 1969; to record their concept album "The Road".	english band formed,heather brothers john,neil heather,road ".,quiet world,concept album,record,lee
Mount Shirshov (66°51′S 51°37′E) is a small mountain lying 3 miles (4.8 km) northeast of Mount Selwood in the Tula Mountains, Enderby Land.	51 ° 37 ′ e,tula mountains,mount shirshov,mount selwood,enderby land,northeast
In geometry, the medial rhombic triacontahedron is a nonconvex isohedral polyhedron.	nonconvex isohedral polyhedron,medial rhombic triacontahedron,geometry
The 2018 United States Senate election in Pennsylvania took place on November 6, 2018, to elect a member of the United States Senate to represent the State of Pennsylvania, concurrently with other elections to the United States Senate, elections to the United States House of Representatives, and various state and local elections.	united states senate,united states house,pennsylvania took place,various state,local elections,pennsylvania,state,elections,representatives,represent,member,elect,concurrently
Riencourtia is a genus of South American plants in the sunflower tribe within the daisy family.The generic name honors the birth name of Cassini's wife, Riencourt.	sunflower tribe within,south american plants,generic name honors,birth name,daisy family,wife,riencourtia,riencourt,genus,cassini
Jonas Algirdas Antanaitis (19 August 1921 – 7 September 2018) was a Lithuanian politician who was a long term member of the Seimas.	long term member,jonas algirdas antanaitis,lithuanian politician,seimas
West Watta is a village in Sri Lanka.	west watta,sri lanka,village
Joseph Henshaw (1608–1679) was bishop of Peterborough in the East of England from 1663 until his death.	joseph henshaw,peterborough,england,east,death,bishop
Dylan Ashley Frittelli (born 5 June 1990) is a South African professional golfer.	south african professional golfer,dylan ashley frittelli
The Oregon Commission for Women established the Oregon Women of Achievement in 1985 to recognize the accomplishments of Oregon women and to demonstrate appreciation for their endeavors.	women established,oregon women,oregon commission,demonstrate appreciation,recognize,endeavors,achievement,accomplishments
The People's Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) is the aerial warfare service branch of the People's Liberation Army, the armed forces of the People's Republic of China.	aerial warfare service branch,liberation army air force,liberation army,armed forces,republic,plaaf,people,china
The Leyton Buzzards a.k.a.	leyton buzzards,k
Kevin Nastiuk (born July 20, 1985) is a Ukrainian Canadian ice hockey goaltender, currently playing for Coventry Blaze of the UK's Elite Ice Hockey League (EIHL).	ukrainian canadian ice hockey goaltender,elite ice hockey league,kevin nastiuk,eihl ).,currently playing,coventry blaze,uk
Sword Dynasty  (Chinese: 剑王朝; pinyin: jiàn wángcháo) is an upcoming Chinese live-action web television series based on the novel of the same name by Wu Zui.The series began filming in December 2017 with Feng Xiaogang serving as the executive producer.	action web television series based,series began filming,feng xiaogang serving,upcoming chinese live,wu zui,sword dynasty,jiàn wángcháo,executive producer,chinese,剑王朝,pinyin,novel,name
Idotea neglecta.	idotea neglecta
Blue Dragon Plus (Japanese: ブルードラゴンプラス, Hepburn: Burū Doragon Purasu) is a role-playing video game designed by Mistwalker and developed by feelplus and Brownie Brown.	playing video game designed,burū doragon purasu,blue dragon plus,brownie brown,ブルードラゴンプラス,role,mistwalker,japanese,hepburn,feelplus,developed
Jedd Lindon Gyorko ( JUR-koh; born September 23, 1988) is an American professional baseball third baseman for the St.	american professional baseball third baseman,jedd lindon gyorko,st,koh,jur
Shopping is an activity in which a customer browses the available goods or services presented by one or more retailers with the potential intent to purchase a suitable selection of them.	suitable selection,services presented,potential intent,customer browses,available goods,shopping,retailers,purchase,one,activity
Shyamalal Babu Rai, known professionally as Indeevar (Hindi: इंदीवर), (credited as Indiwar, Indeewar, Indivar, or Indiver) (1 January 1924 – 27 February 1997 ) was one of the leading Hindi film lyricists in the 1960s.	इ ं द ी वर ),,leading hindi film lyricists,shyamalal babu rai,known professionally,hindi,one,indiwar,indiver,indivar,indeewar,indeevar,credited
The 8th British Academy Video Game Awards (known for the purposes of sponsorship as GAME British Academy Video Games Awards) awarded by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, was an award ceremony held on 16 March 2012 in the London Hilton.	game british academy video games awards,british academy,award ceremony held,television arts,london hilton,sponsorship,purposes,known,film,awarded
Torin Damon Dorn Sr.	torin damon dorn sr
A big band is a type of musical ensemble that usually consists of ten or more musicians with four sections: saxophones, trumpets, trombones, and a rhythm section.	usually consists,rhythm section,musical ensemble,four sections,big band,type,trumpets,trombones,ten,saxophones,musicians
Qaleh-ye Hajj Jahanqoli (Persian: قلعه حاج جهانقلي‎, also Romanized as Qal‘eh-ye Ḩājj Jahānqolī; also known as Qal‘eh-ye Ḩājjahānqolī) is a village in Mizdej-e Olya Rural District, in the Central District of Farsan County, Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province, Iran.	قلعه حاج جهانقلي ‎, also romanized,e olya rural district,qal ‘ eh,ye ḩājj jahānqolī,ye hajj jahanqoli,also known,central district,ye ḩājjahānqolī,farsan county,bakhtiari province,village,qaleh,persian,mizdej,iran,chaharmahal
Alihoca is a  village in Ulukışla district of Niğde Province, Turkey.	ulukışla district,niğde province,village,turkey,alihoca
Robert Edmund Sangster (23 May 1936 – 7 April 2004) was a British businessman, thoroughbred racehorse owner and breeder.	thoroughbred racehorse owner,robert edmund sangster,british businessman,breeder
A specification often refers to a set of documented requirements to be satisfied by a material, design, product, or service.	specification often refers,documented requirements,set,service,satisfied,product,material,design
Comando Vermelho (Portuguese for Red Command or Red Commando; Brazilian pronunciation: [koˈmɐ̃ŋdu veʁˈmeʎu]) is a Brazilian criminal organization engaged primarily in arms and drug trafficking.	koˈmɐ ̃ ŋdu veʁˈmeʎu ]),brazilian criminal organization engaged primarily,brazilian pronunciation,red commando,red command,drug trafficking,comando vermelho,portuguese,arms
Kalaya Tasmai Namaha is a 2012 Kannada Crime drama movie directed and written by Chandrashekar Shrivastav.	kalaya tasmai namaha,chandrashekar shrivastav,written
Camille Alphonse Faure (21 May 1840 – 14 September 1898) was a French chemical engineer who in 1881 significantly improved the design of the lead-acid battery, which had been invented by Gaston Planté in 1859.	french chemical engineer,camille alphonse faure,gaston planté,acid battery,lead,invented,design
The 2003 National Lacrosse League season is the 17th season in the NLL that began on December 27, 2002, and concluded with the championship game on May 3, 2003.	17th season,december 27,championship game,nll,concluded,began
Rutidosis is a genus of Australian annual and perennial herbs in the wrinklewort tribe within the daisy family.	wrinklewort tribe within,perennial herbs,daisy family,australian annual,rutidosis,genus
This article concerns the period 479 BC – 470 BC.


== Events ==


=== 479 BC ===


==== By place ====


====== Greece ======
The Persian commander Mardonius, now based in Thessaly, wins support from Argus and western Arcadia.	period 479 bc – 470 bc,place ==== ====== greece ======,persian commander mardonius,wins support,western arcadia,article concerns,thessaly,based,argus
Mumbai Godfather is the name of an Indian Bollywood film directed by Deepak Balraj Vij released on 23 September 2005.	indian bollywood film directed,deepak balraj vij released,mumbai godfather,name
The Chignecto-Central Regional Center for Education is a Canadian public school district  in Nova Scotia.	canadian public school district,central regional center,nova scotia,education,chignecto
The Provincial Reconstruction Team in Meymaneh is an International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) command.	international security assistance force,provincial reconstruction team,meymaneh,isaf,command
Lee Sung-min (born January 1, 1986) is a South Korean singer and actor.	south korean singer,lee sung,min,actor
David Michael O'Connell  (born April 21, 1955) is a member of the Congregation of the Mission, commonly called the Vincentian Fathers, and a past President of the Catholic University of America in Washington, DC. He is currently the Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Trenton, New Jersey, in the United States.	roman catholic bishop,catholic university,vincentian fathers,united states,past president,new jersey,david michael,commonly called,washington,trenton,mission,member,diocese,dc,currently,connell,congregation,america
Alfred Emil Fredrik Sandström (1886, Nyköping, Sweden – 1962) was a Swedish lawyer.	alfred emil fredrik sandström,swedish lawyer,nyköping
"Nobody Does It Better" is a song composed by Marvin Hamlisch with lyrics by Carole Bayer Sager.	carole bayer sager,song composed,marvin hamlisch,nobody,lyrics,better
George Savary Wasson (1855 – April 28, 1932) was an American novelist, painter and boat builder.	george savary wasson,boat builder,american novelist,painter
"If You Want My Love" is a song by the American rock band Cheap Trick, released in 1982 as the first single from their sixth studio album One on One.	american rock band cheap trick,sixth studio album one,first single,one,want,song,released,love
Excoecaria grahamii is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae.	flowering plant,family euphorbiaceae,excoecaria grahamii,species
Phuti Mahanyele (born c.	phuti mahanyele,born c
Abderahim Mechenouai  (b.	abderahim mechenouai,b
Society for Laboratory Automation and Screening (SLAS) was formed in 2010 as a merger between the Association for Laboratory Automation and the Society for Biomolecular Sciences.	laboratory automation,biomolecular sciences,society,slas,screening,merger,formed,association
For the castle, see Malmö Castle.	see malmö castle,castle
Antonios Komizopoulos (Greek: Αντώνιος Κομιζόπουλος) was a 19th-century Greek merchant and the 4th member of Filiki Eteria.	century greek merchant,αντώνιος κομιζόπουλος,filiki eteria,antonios komizopoulos,greek
Stompa is a fictional extraterrestrial goddess appearing in books published by DC Comics.	fictional extraterrestrial goddess appearing,dc comics,books published,stompa
Raphael Lentimalo is a Kenyan politician.	raphael lentimalo,kenyan politician
Ernesto Nocco (born 27 November 1957) is a retired Italian sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres.	retired italian sprinter,ernesto nocco,specialized
Humberto Lopez y Guerra (H.L. Guerra) (born 1945) is a Swedish novelist and director born in Cuba.	swedish novelist,humberto lopez,director born,l,h,guerra,cuba
Guirvidig is a town in the Mayo-Danay Department of the Far North Region of Cameroon.A dialect of the Muskum language, Muzuk (Mousgoum de Guirvidig), is spoken in the town.In 2014, Guirvidig was the site of fighting between Boko Haram and the Cameroonian military, in which a Boko Haram training camp was destroyed.On 28 December 2014, Cameroonian troops repelled simultaneous Boko Haram raids into the towns of Guirvidig, Amchide, Makari, Limani, Waza and Achigachia, all located in Cameroon's Far North region.	cameroonian troops repelled simultaneous boko haram raids,boko haram training camp,mousgoum de guirvidig ),,far north region,boko haram,cameroonian military,muskum language,danay department,guirvidig,waza,towns,town,spoken,site,muzuk,mayo,makari,located,limani,fighting,dialect,destroyed,cameroon,amchide,achigachia
Travis Tope (born November 11, 1991) is an American film and television actor, known for playing Chris Truby in the film Men, Women and Children, Nick Strain in The Town That Dreaded Sundown, Joe Harper in the series Boardwalk Empire, and Kevin McClain in the Netflix mockumentary American Vandal.	netflix mockumentary american vandal,series boardwalk empire,playing chris truby,american film,travis tope,television actor,nick strain,kevin mcclain,joe harper,film men,dreaded sundown,women,town,known,children
The Dow Jones Open Invitational was a golf tournament on the PGA Tour that was played for one year at the Upper Montclair Country Club in Clifton, New Jersey, an 18-hole, par-72 championship course.	upper montclair country club,dow jones open invitational,pga tour,one year,new jersey,golf tournament,played,par,hole,clifton
Aegires gomezi is a species of sea slug, a nudibranch, a marine, opisthobranch gastropod mollusk in the family Aegiridae.	opisthobranch gastropod mollusk,sea slug,family aegiridae,aegires gomezi,species,nudibranch,marine
La Chapelle-Bâton is a commune in the Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France.	western france,vienne department,la chapelle,aquitaine region,nouvelle,commune,bâton
Oddbjørn Vatne (born 3 September 1948) is a Norwegian politician for the Centre Party.	oddbjørn vatne,norwegian politician,centre party
Janowo [jaˈnɔvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Stare Pole, within Malbork County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	within malbork county,gmina stare pole,pomeranian voivodeship,northern poland,administrative district,village,jaˈnɔvɔ,janowo
SV Werder Bremen retained its 6th place in Bundesliga with a solid season, in spite of key players Frank Rost and Torsten Frings leaving prior to the season.	torsten frings leaving prior,sv werder bremen retained,key players frank rost,solid season,season,spite,bundesliga
By Any Means, also known as Ireland to Sydney by Any Means, is a television series following Long Way Round and Long Way Down TV presenter Charley Boorman.	television series following long way round,tv presenter charley boorman,long way,also known,sydney,means,ireland
Boxing competitions has been in the Universiade only at 2013 Summer Universiade as optional sport.	optional sport,boxing competitions,universiade
Major James Carroll (June 5, 1854 – September 16, 1907) was a US Army physician.	us army physician,major james carroll,1907
Mount Ida is an unincorporated community located in the town of Mount Ida in Grant County, Wisconsin, United States.	unincorporated community located,united states,mount ida,grant county,wisconsin,town
Lista negra (English title:Black list) is a Mexican telenovela produced by Francisco Burillo for Televisa in 1986.	mexican telenovela produced,lista negra,francisco burillo,english title,black list,televisa
Conrad Nicholson Hilton (December 25, 1887 – January 3, 1979) was an American hotelier and the founder of the Hilton Hotels chain.	hilton hotels chain,conrad nicholson hilton,american hotelier,founder
An emergency physician is a physician who works at an emergency department to care for ill patients.	ill patients,emergency department,emergency physician,physician,works,care
Ghayasuddin Siddiqui is an academic and political activist.	political activist,ghayasuddin siddiqui,academic
Stephanie Bond, also known under the pseudonym Stephanie Bancroft, is an American born author (March 25, 1965) known for writing commercial fiction novels of romance and mystery.	writing commercial fiction novels,american born author,pseudonym stephanie bancroft,stephanie bond,also known,known,romance,mystery
The Crocodile Islands are a group of islands belonging to the Yan-nhaŋu people of the Northern Territory of Australia.	northern territory,nhaŋu people,islands belonging,crocodile islands,yan,group,australia
Lorenz Snack-World is a German food company based in Neu-Isenburg.	german food company based,lorenz snack,world,neu,isenburg
Dumgoyne is a hill prominent on the edge of the Campsie Fells and is a well-known landmark visible from Glasgow.	known landmark visible,hill prominent,campsie fells,well,glasgow,edge,dumgoyne
Pam DeLissio is a politician from the U.S. commonwealth of Pennsylvania.	pam delissio,u,politician,pennsylvania,commonwealth
Ahmadabad-e Harandi (Persian: احمدابادهرندي‎, also Romanized as Aḩmadābād-e Harandī; also known as Aḩmadābād) is a village in Sharifabad Rural District, Koshkuiyeh District, Rafsanjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	احمدابادهرندي ‎, also romanized,sharifabad rural district,also known,koshkuiyeh district,rafsanjan county,kerman province,e harandī,e harandi,village,persian,iran,aḩmadābād,ahmadabad
Francis Longworth Haszard (November 20, 1849 – July 25, 1938) was a Prince Edward Island politician and jurist, the tenth Premier of Prince Edward Island.	prince edward island politician,prince edward island,francis longworth haszard,tenth premier,jurist
Anglican–Roman Catholic dialogue is the historical communication between the Anglican Communion and the Roman Catholic Church, through their ecumenical relations.	anglican – roman catholic dialogue,roman catholic church,anglican communion,historical communication,ecumenical relations
Majorda Junction railway station (Station code: MJO) a small Junction station in South Goa district, Goa.	majorda junction railway station,small junction station,south goa district,station code,goa,mjo
Starfox (Eros of Titan) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.	american comic books published,fictional superhero appearing,marvel comics,titan,starfox,eros
Francisco Rithely da Silva Sousa, born in Maranhão, is a Brazilian footballer.	francisco rithely da silva sousa,brazilian footballer,maranhão,born
Craig is a city in Holt County, Missouri, United States.	united states,holt county,missouri,craig,city
A Brodmann area is a region of the cerebral cortex, in the human or other primate brain, defined by its cytoarchitecture, or histological structure and organization of cells.	primate brain,histological structure,cerebral cortex,brodmann area,region,organization,human,defined,cytoarchitecture,cells
'See also: 
1999 in South African sport, 
2000 in South Africa, 
2001 in South African sport and the 
Timeline of South African sport.	south african sport,south africa,see also,timeline,2000
Brandywine Avenue School was a historic school located at Schenectady in Schenectady County, New York.	historic school located,brandywine avenue school,new york,schenectady county,schenectady
Metal couture is a type of adornment or fashion item, made of metal,  generally made as art, for fashion photography or high-end couture catwalk.	end couture catwalk,metal couture,fashion photography,fashion item,generally made,metal,made,type,high,art,adornment
Lorne is a Canadian parish in Victoria County, New Brunswick.Its population in the 2011 Census was 518.	victoria county,new brunswick,canadian parish,population,lorne
The Order of Beneficence (Greek: Τάγμα της Ευποιΐας), is an order of Greece, that was established in 1948.	τάγμα της ευποιΐας ),,order,greek,greece,established,beneficence
Melvin B. Geliebter is an American businessman, political donor and philanthropist.	political donor,melvin b,american businessman,philanthropist,geliebter
Vegas World was a space-themed casino and hotel on Las Vegas Boulevard in Las Vegas, Nevada.	las vegas boulevard,las vegas,vegas world,themed casino,space,nevada,hotel
Warren Mitchell (born Warren Misell; 14 January 1926 – 14 November 2015) was an English actor.	born warren misell,warren mitchell,english actor
William Backhouse Astor Sr.	william backhouse astor sr
In mathematics, specifically module theory, given a ring R and R-modules M with a submodule N, the module M is said to be an essential extension of N (or N is said to be an essential submodule or large submodule of M) if for every submodule H of M,

  
    
      
        H
        ∩
        N
        =
        {
        0
        }
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle H\cap N=\{0\}\,}
   implies that 
  
    
      
        H
        =
        {
        0
        }
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle H=\{0\}\,}
  As a special case, an essential left ideal of R is a left ideal which is essential as a submodule of the left module RR. The left ideal has non-zero intersection with any non-zero left ideal of R. Analogously, and essential right ideal is exactly an essential submodule of the right R module RRThe usual notations for essential extensions include the following two expressions:

  
    
      
        N
        
          ⊆
          
            e
          
        
        M
        
      
    
    {\displaystyle N\subseteq _{e}M\,}
   (Lam 1999), and 
  
    
      
        N
        ⊴
        M
      
    
    {\displaystyle N\trianglelefteq M}
   (Anderson & Fuller 1992)The dual notion of an essential submodule is that of superfluous submodule (or small submodule).	right r module rrthe usual notations,{\ displaystyle h,{\ displaystyle n,essential right ideal,specifically module theory,h ∩ n,left module rr,following two expressions,every submodule h,essential extensions include,small submodule ).,zero left ideal,n ⊆ e,essential left ideal,left ideal,submodule n,ring r,n ⊴,zero intersection,essential submodule,essential extension,superfluous submodule,large submodule,special case,dual notion,module,h,r,n,essential,submodule,e,trianglelefteq,subseteq,said,non,modules,mathematics,given,exactly,anderson,analogously,\,}
Avenel is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Woodbridge Township, in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States.	located within woodbridge township,united states,unincorporated community,new jersey,middlesex county,designated place,census,cdp,avenel
Barkly Work Camp is a low-security correctional work camp near Tennant Creek in the Northern Territory of Australia.	security correctional work camp near tennant creek,barkly work camp,northern territory,low,australia
Leegin Creative Leather Products, Inc. v.	leegin creative leather products,v,inc
In probability theory and statistics, the Exponential-Logarithmic (EL) distribution is a family of lifetime distributions with
decreasing failure rate, defined on the interval [0, ∞).	decreasing failure rate,probability theory,lifetime distributions,∞).,statistics,logarithmic,interval,family,exponential,el,distribution,defined
Georgelle Cynthia Hirliman (June 11, 1936 in Los Angeles, California – January 29, 2010 in Santa Fe, New Mexico) was an American writer and adopted daughter of Eleanor Hunt.She was well known for her Writer in the Window question and answer series that began in 1984.	georgelle cynthia hirliman,window question,well known,santa fe,new mexico,los angeles,eleanor hunt,answer series,adopted daughter,american writer,writer,began,1984
List of members of Slovenian Academy of Sciences and Arts.	slovenian academy,sciences,members,list,arts
Eucalyptus wimmerensis, commonly known as the Wimmera mallee box or the broad-leaved green mallee, is a mallee that is native to South Australia.	wimmera mallee box,leaved green mallee,south australia,eucalyptus wimmerensis,commonly known,mallee,native,broad
Balassagyarmat (formerly Balassa-Gyarmath, Slovak: Balašske Ďarmoty, German: Jahrmarkt) is a town in northern Hungary.	northern hungary,formerly balassa,balašske ďarmoty,town,slovak,jahrmarkt,gyarmath,german,balassagyarmat
The Ghosts of Buxley Hall is a 1980 American made-for-television fantasy-comedy film produced by Walt Disney Productions, directed by Bruce Bilson and starring Dick O'Neill, Victor French, Louise Latham and Monte Markham.	walt disney productions,comedy film produced,victor french,television fantasy,starring dick,monte markham,louise latham,buxley hall,bruce bilson,neill,ghosts,directed
The list of ship commissionings in 1988 includes a chronological list of all ships commissioned in 1988.	ships commissioned,ship commissionings,chronological list,list
The following is a list of notable hip hop musicians who were killed.	notable hip hop musicians,list,killed,following
Jerzy Kazimierz Pajączkowski-Dydyński (19 July 1894 – 6 December 2005) was a British-based Polish veteran of World War I and UK's oldest man at the time of his death at the age of 111 years, 140 days, and one of the last surviving veterans of the First World War living in the UK. He died at a nursing home in Cumbria.	first world war living,last surviving veterans,jerzy kazimierz pajączkowski,based polish veteran,world war,oldest man,nursing home,111 years,uk,time,one,dydyński,died,death,cumbria,british,age
Patrick Lipton Robinson, O.J. (born 29 January 1944 in Jamaica), is a Jamaican member of the International Court of Justice for the term commencing February 2015.	born 29 january 1944,patrick lipton robinson,jamaican member,jamaica ),,international court,justice,j
Utö skjutfält, is a military firing range on Utö in Stockholm archipelago.	military firing range,stockholm archipelago,utö skjutfält,utö
Mark Twain Village (MTV) was a United States Army military base located in the Südstadt district of Heidelberg, Germany.	united states army military base located,mark twain village,südstadt district,mtv,heidelberg,germany
FC YPA is a Finnish football club from the town of Ylivieska.	finnish football club,fc ypa,ylivieska,town
John Doyle (born 1953) is a Scottish stage director of musicals and plays, as well as operas.	scottish stage director,john doyle,well,plays,operas,musicals
Pope Clement VIII (r.	pope clement viii,r
Antonino D'Agata (23 February 1882 in Avola – 26 February 1947) was an Italian politician.	23 february 1882,italian politician,antonino,agata
Edward John Barrington Douglas-Scott-Montagu, 3rd Baron Montagu of Beaulieu (20 October 1926 – 31 August 2015), was an English Conservative politician well known in Great Britain for founding the National Motor Museum, as well as for a pivotal cause célèbre in British gay history following his 1954 conviction and imprisonment for homosexual sex, a charge he denied.	english conservative politician well known,edward john barrington douglas,british gay history following,pivotal cause célèbre,national motor museum,homosexual sex,great britain,well,montagu,scott,imprisonment,founding,denied,charge,beaulieu
The Langkawi Declaration on the Environment was a declaration issued by the assembled Heads of Government of the Commonwealth of Nations on the issue of environmental sustainability.	langkawi declaration,environmental sustainability,declaration issued,assembled heads,nations,issue,government,environment,commonwealth
Ieva Pope (born 8 January 1994) is a Latvian female badminton player.	latvian female badminton player,ieva pope
Hōjō Yoshitoki (北条 義時, 1163 – July 1, 1224) was the second Hōjō shikken (regent) of the Kamakura shogunate and head of the Hōjō clan.	second hōjō shikken,hōjō yoshitoki,hōjō clan,北条 義時,kamakura shogunate,regent,head
Lassie is a Canadian television series which aired from 1997 to 1999 on YTV in Canada and Sunday nights on the Animal Planet network in the United States, as a modified remake of the original Lassie series (1954–1973) about a boy and his faithful dog.	canadian television series,animal planet network,original lassie series,united states,sunday nights,modified remake,faithful dog,lassie,ytv,canada,boy,aired,1997
International financial transactions are based on several financing philosophies, whose application is affected by the course of economic growth and development within an individual national economy.	several financing philosophies,international financial transactions,individual national economy,whose application,economic growth,development within,course,based,affected
Awaaz De Kahan Hai  is a 1990 Bollywood film directed by Sibte Hasan Rizvi, starring Avinash Wadhavan, Shikha Swaroop, Bindu and Satyen Kappu.	awaaz de kahan hai,starring avinash wadhavan,sibte hasan rizvi,shikha swaroop,satyen kappu,bindu
Thad T. Viers (born  March 13, 1978) is a former Republican South Carolina State Representative for District 68.	former republican south carolina state representative,district 68,viers,thad
Aeris was an airline company based in Toulouse, France.	airline company based,toulouse,france,aeris
Ravenswood is a locality in north central Victoria, Australia.	north central victoria,ravenswood,locality,australia
Minuscule 1582 (in the Gregory-Aland numbering).	aland numbering ).,gregory
The 1967 West Virginia Mountaineers football team represented West Virginia University in the 1967 NCAA University Division football season.	1967 ncaa university division football season
Elena Kononova (Russian: Елена Викторовна Кононова; Moscow, August 17, 1969 - May 22, 2014) was a Russian soccer player.	елена викторовна кононова,russian soccer player,elena kononova,russian,moscow,1969
Avon, Washington is an unincorporated community in Skagit County, Washington, along the Skagit River.	unincorporated community,skagit river,skagit county,washington,avon,along
List of LGBT medical organizations, consisting of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) medical professionals, promoting LGBT health, or supportive and affirming of the LGBT community.	promoting lgbt health,lgbt medical organizations,medical professionals,lgbt community,lgbt,transgender,supportive,list,lesbian,gay,consisting,bisexual,affirming
Oliva tisiphona is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Olividae, the olives.	marine gastropod mollusk,sea snail,oliva tisiphona,family olividae,species,olives
Adventures in Perception is a 1971 Dutch short documentary film directed by Han Van Gelder.	han van gelder,perception,adventures
Lenni Montiel is the United Nations a Assistant Secretary-General for Economiic Development in the Department of Economic and Social Affairs.	united nations,social affairs,lenni montiel,economiic development,assistant secretary,general,economic,department
Dr Medasani Mohan (born 19 April 1955) is a famous Avadhani.	dr medasani mohan,famous avadhani
Holostrophus bifasciatus is a species of polypore fungus beetle in the family Tetratomidae.	polypore fungus beetle,holostrophus bifasciatus,family tetratomidae,species
European Union and its Member States — Certain Measures Relating to the Energy Sector, DS476, is the formal name of a case brought by the Russian Federation against the European Union and its member states in the World Trade Organization's Dispute Settlement Body.The case was formally initiated with the filing of a complaint by Russia (in WTO terms, a "request for consultations") on April 30, 2014.	member states — certain measures relating,world trade organization,dispute settlement body,member states,wto terms,russian federation,formally initiated,formal name,european union,energy sector,consultations "),case brought,case,russia,request,filing,complaint
Aurélie Malaussena (born 17 October 1993) is a retired French artistic gymnast.	retired french artistic gymnast,aurélie malaussena
The Doria Atlas is a 16th-century atlas commissioned by and named for the Genoese military leader Andrea Doria.	genoese military leader andrea doria,century atlas commissioned,doria atlas,named
Hardstep is a subgenre of drum and bass which emerged in 1994.	subgenre,hardstep,emerged,drum,bass
This is a list of the 6 members of the European Parliament for Luxembourg in the 1999 to 2004 session.	european parliament,2004 session,luxembourg,list
The Cathedral of Our Lady of Fair Haven of Roseau, originally known in French as Église de Notre-Dame du Bon Port du Mouillage de Roseau, is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Roseau, the capital city of Dominica in the Caribbean.	dame du bon port du mouillage de roseau,église de notre,roman catholic cathedral,roseau,originally known,capital city,cathedral,lady,french,fair,dominica,caribbean
Sargaalaya is a 20-acre (8.1 ha) arts and crafts village in Iringal, Kozhikode district, Kerala, India.	kozhikode district,crafts village,sargaalaya,kerala,iringal,india,arts,acre,20
Ilaria Salvatori (born 5 February 1979 in Frascati) is an Italian foil fencer.	italian foil fencer,ilaria salvatori,frascati
Inni (Icelandic pronunciation: ​[ˈɪnːɪ], Within) is a live motion picture and album by Icelandic band Sigur Rós released in 2011.	icelandic band sigur rós released,​[ ˈɪnːɪ ], within,live motion picture,icelandic pronunciation,inni,album
Marcus Valerius Messalla Corvinus (64 BC – 8 AD) was a Roman general, author and patron of literature and art.	marcus valerius messalla corvinus,roman general,patron,literature,author,art
Carly Manning is a fictional character on the NBC soap opera Days of Our Lives.	nbc soap opera days,fictional character,carly manning,lives
Jeffrey Ong (born 30 April 1972) is a Malaysian swimmer.	malaysian swimmer,jeffrey ong
Walkin' Wheels is an American brand of dog wheelchairs or carts developed by Mark C. Robinson from Walkin' Pets by HandicappedPets.com based in Nashua, New Hampshire.	new hampshire,mark c,dog wheelchairs,com based,carts developed,american brand,wheels,walkin,robinson,pets,nashua,handicappedpets
Rob Pannell  (born December 11, 1989 in Smithtown, New York) is an American professional lacrosse player who plays for the New York Lizards and formerly for Cornell University.	american professional lacrosse player,new york lizards,new york,rob pannell,cornell university,smithtown,plays,formerly
George Paul Engelhardt (1871–1942) was an American entomologist.	george paul engelhardt,american entomologist
Olga Hepnarová (30 June 1951 – 12 March 1975) was a Czechoslovak mass murderer, who on 10 July 1973, killed eight people with a truck in Prague.	killed eight people,czechoslovak mass murderer,olga hepnarová,truck,prague
Spatalistis nephritica is a species of moth of the family Tortricidae.	spatalistis nephritica,family tortricidae,species,moth
Catholic Missions in Canada is a fundraising organization that supports poor missions in Canada.	supports poor missions,catholic missions,fundraising organization,canada
The SOLVIT network is a body funded by the European Commission since 2002 to assist citizens and businesses to ascertain their EU rights in cases where a dispute has risen between a citizen or a company and an official body of a Member state of the European Union.	european union,solvit network,official body,member state,eu rights,body funded,assist citizens,risen,dispute,company,citizen,cases,businesses,ascertain
Team Wiggins Le Col (UCI team code: WGN), also known as Team Wiggins in media, is a professional developmental cycling team based in the United Kingdom, which began competing in elite road bicycle racing and track cycling in 2015.	professional developmental cycling team based,wgn ), also known,elite road bicycle racing,team wiggins le col,uci team code,team wiggins,track cycling,united kingdom,began competing,media
Rafiq Ahmad (1889–1982), commonly known as Comrade Rafiq Ahmad of Bhopal, was a famous communist activist of the 20th century in India.	famous communist activist,comrade rafiq ahmad,rafiq ahmad,india,bhopal
Asante Capital is a private equity placement and advisory firm.	private equity placement,asante capital,advisory firm
The Diamond Head Game is an American game show that aired from January 6 to July 4, 1975 in five-day-a-week syndication.	diamond head game,american game show,week syndication,january 6,five,day,aired
Monks Orchard is a suburb on the edge of the London Borough of Croydon, England.	monks orchard,london borough,suburb,england,edge,croydon
Šerkovice is a village and municipality (obec) in Brno-Country District in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic.	south moravian region,czech republic,country district,šerkovice,village,obec,municipality,brno
Elvis' Greatest Shit is a bootleg recording of Elvis Presley, released in July 1982.	greatest shit,bootleg recording,elvis presley,elvis,released
Turbinoliidae is a family of reef building stony corals.	reef building stony corals,turbinoliidae,family
The BGM-71 TOW ("Tube-launched, Optically tracked, Wire-guided") is an American anti-tank missile.	tank missile,optically tracked,guided "),american anti,wire,launched,bgm
The Mud Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert, in San Bernardino County, southern California.They are north of Barstow, California, and northwest of the Calico Mountains.	san bernardino county,low mountain range,mud hills,mojave desert,calico mountains,southern california,california,northwest,north,barstow
Cinzia Monreale (born Cinzia Moscone; 22 June 1957) is an Italian actress.	born cinzia moscone,cinzia monreale,italian actress
Sequoyah (ᏍᏏᏉᏯ Ssiquoya, as he signed his name, or ᏎᏉᏯ Se-quo-ya, as is often spelled in Cherokee; named in English George Gist or George Guess) (c.1770—1843), was an American and Cherokee silversmith.	english george gist,george guess,ꮞꮙꮿ se,ꮝꮟꮙꮿ ssiquoya,often spelled,cherokee silversmith,cherokee,ya,signed,sequoyah,quo,named,name,c,american
Calenzano (Italian pronunciation: [kalenˈdzaːno]) is a comune (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Florence in the Italian region Tuscany, located about 11 kilometres (7 mi) northwest of Florence.	italian region tuscany,italian pronunciation,metropolitan city,kalenˈdzaːno ]),11 kilometres,northwest,municipality,located,florence,comune,calenzano
Alliance is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio.	u,state,ohio,city,alliance
Schankweiler is a municipality in the district of Bitburg-Prüm, in Rhineland-Palatinate, western Germany.	western germany,schankweiler,rhineland,prüm,palatinate,municipality,district,bitburg
Prelude and Sonata is an album by McCoy Tyner released on the Milestone label in 1995.	mccoy tyner released,milestone label,sonata,prelude,album
Carex festucacea, or fescue sedge, is a species of sedge that lives in eastern North America.	eastern north america,carex festucacea,fescue sedge,sedge,species,lives
John Joseph Miller (a.k.a.	john joseph miller,k
Peter Le Neve Foster (1809–1879) was an English barrister and mathematician.	peter le neve foster,english barrister,mathematician
Khaled Mohamed Khaled (born November 26, 1975), better known by his stage name DJ Khaled, is an American DJ, songwriter, record producer, media personality, and record executive.Born in New Orleans, Louisiana, Khaled first gained prominence as a radio host in the 1990s, whereby after moving to Miami, he hosted the show "99 Jamz" on urban music radio station WEDR; the show's popularity later prompted hip hop group Terror Squad to hire Khaled as the DJ for their live performances.	popularity later prompted hip hop group terror squad,urban music radio station wedr,khaled first gained prominence,stage name dj khaled,khaled mohamed khaled,radio host,hire khaled,american dj,record producer,record executive,new orleans,media personality,live performances,dj,born,whereby,songwriter,show,moving,miami,louisiana,hosted
Mr.	mr
Memar Əcəmi is a Baku Metro station.	baku metro station,memar əcəmi
Don Vaughn is an American neuroscientist and science communicator.	science communicator,american neuroscientist,vaughn
Ancella Radford Bickley is an American historian born in Huntington, West Virginia on July 4, 1930.	ancella radford bickley,american historian born,west virginia,huntington
Fireworks village, also known as Govan Colliery Houses, was a company village belonging to the Dixon family who ran the Govan Iron Works and Govan Colliery.	govan iron works,company village belonging,govan colliery houses,govan colliery,fireworks village,dixon family,also known,ran
The 2008 Twenty20 Cup was the sixth running of the tournament, and saw Middlesex Crusaders winning the tournament after a thrilling climax to the final against the reigning champions, the Kent Spitfires.	saw middlesex crusaders winning,thrilling climax,sixth running,reigning champions,kent spitfires,tournament,final
Jack McKay Stewart (15 April 1912 – 5 November 1998) was an Australian farmer and politician who was a Liberal Party member of the Legislative Assembly of Western Australia from 1968 to 1971, representing the seat of Merredin-Yilgarn.	liberal party member,jack mckay stewart,western australia,legislative assembly,australian farmer,yilgarn,seat,representing,politician,merredin,1968
The Salang Pass (Persian: كتل سالنگ‎, el.	كتل سالنگ ‎, el,salang pass,persian
Urucu River is a southern tributary of the Amazon River (Solimões section) in the Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.	western brazil,urucu river,southern tributary,solimões section,amazonas state,amazon river,north
Makthal Assembly constituency is a constituency of Telangana Legislative Assembly, India.	telangana legislative assembly,makthal assembly constituency,constituency,india
Abdul Qayyum Jamal is a Canadian janitor and school bus driver who was labelled the ringleader of an alleged terrorist plot in Toronto in June 2006 after a Canadian Member of Parliament reported his virulent criticism of Canadian troops in Afghanistan to police.	school bus driver,alleged terrorist plot,abdul qayyum jamal,virulent criticism,parliament reported,canadian troops,canadian member,canadian janitor,toronto,ringleader,police,labelled,afghanistan
Caumbo is a town and municipality in Lunda Norte Province in Angola.	lunda norte province,town,municipality,caumbo,angola
Bank Gothic is a rectilinear geometric sans-serif typeface designed by Morris Fuller Benton for the American Type Founders in 1930.	serif typeface designed,rectilinear geometric sans,morris fuller benton,american type founders,bank gothic
The HVDC Three Gorges – Guangdong is a 940 kilometre-long bipolar HVDC transmission line in China for the transmission of electric power from the Three Gorges power plant to the area of Guangdong.	long bipolar hvdc transmission line,hvdc three gorges – guangdong,three gorges power plant,electric power,transmission,guangdong,china,area
The Summer Triangle is an astronomical asterism in the northern celestial hemisphere.	northern celestial hemisphere,summer triangle,astronomical asterism
In mathematical physics, global hyperbolicity is a certain condition on the causal structure of a spacetime manifold (that is, a Lorentzian manifold).	lorentzian manifold ).,spacetime manifold,mathematical physics,global hyperbolicity,certain condition,causal structure
The 2018 MBC Drama Awards (Hangul: MBC 연기대상; RR: MBC Yeon-gi Daesang), presented by Munhwa Broadcasting Corporation (MBC) took place on December 30, 2018.	gi daesang ), presented,munhwa broadcasting corporation,mbc 연기대상,mbc yeon,took place,2018,mbc,rr,hangul
The Barracuda-class submarines (originally the K-1-class submarines) were the product of Project Kayo, a research and development effort begun immediately after World War II by the United States Navy to "solve the problem of using submarines to attack and destroy enemy submarines." They originally had the hull classification symbol SSK, for "hunter-killer submarine".	hull classification symbol ssk,development effort begun immediately,destroy enemy submarines .",world war ii,united states navy,killer submarine ".,using submarines,class submarines,project kayo,solve,research,product,problem,originally,k,hunter,barracuda,attack
The women's 1000 metres race of the 2015 World Single Distance Speed Skating Championships was held on 13 February 2015.	13 february 2015,women,held
Nikita Andreyevich Lyamin (Russian: Никита Андреевич Лямин; born 14 October 1985), or Nikita Liamin, is a Russian beach volleyball player.	russian beach volleyball player,никита андреевич лямин,nikita andreyevich lyamin,nikita liamin,russian
Terry Alan Schroeder, DC (born October 9, 1958 in Santa Barbara, California) is an American former water polo player who competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics, in the 1988 Summer Olympics, and in the 1992 Summer Olympics.	american former water polo player,terry alan schroeder,1992 summer olympics,1984 summer olympics,santa barbara,dc,competed,california
Bennington is a town in Bryan County, Oklahoma, United States.	united states,bryan county,town,oklahoma,bennington
Lisa Cameron  (born 8 April 1972) is a Scottish National Party politician and consultant clinical psychologist.	scottish national party politician,consultant clinical psychologist,lisa cameron
Apollo Robbins (born May 23, 1974) is an American sleight-of-hand artist, security consultant, self-described gentleman thief and deception specialist.	described gentleman thief,security consultant,hand artist,deception specialist,apollo robbins,american sleight,self
Deep Springs (formerly, Deep Spring) is an unincorporated community in Inyo County, California.	unincorporated community,inyo county,deep springs,deep spring,formerly,california
Vathi (Greek: Βάθη) is a neighborhood of Athens.	βάθη,vathi,neighborhood,greek,athens
Wolfstone are a Scottish musical group founded in 1989, who play Celtic rock.	scottish musical group founded,play celtic rock,wolfstone
The Lord Culpeper Hotel is a historic hotel building at 401 South Main Street in downtown Culpeper, Virginia.	historic hotel building,lord culpeper hotel,downtown culpeper,virginia
Southmont is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Davidson County, North Carolina, United States.	united states,unincorporated community,north carolina,designated place,davidson county,southmont,census,cdp
Turanica is a genus of moths of the family Noctuidae.	family noctuidae,turanica,moths,genus
Wadrafnagar (Hindi: वाड्रफनगर) is one of the administrative blocks of Balrampur district, Chhattisgarh, India.	व ा ड ् रफनगर,balrampur district,administrative blocks,wadrafnagar,one,india,hindi,chhattisgarh
Ralph Robert Baker (born August 25, 1942) is a former professional American football player.	former professional american football player,ralph robert baker,1942
Belcastel, Tarn  (Occitan: Bèl Castèl, meaning beautiful castle) is a commune of the Tarn department of southern France.	meaning beautiful castle,southern france,bèl castèl,tarn department,tarn,occitan,commune,belcastel
Effacer le tableau ("erasing the board") is the operational name given to the systematic extermination of the Bambuti pygmies by rebel forces in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).	effacer le tableau (" erasing,operational name given,systematic extermination,rebel forces,drc ).,democratic republic,board "),bambuti pygmies,congo
Screaming Targets is the fourth studio album by Australian blues/rock band Jo Jo Zep & The Falcons.	rock band jo jo zep,fourth studio album,screaming targets,australian blues,falcons
Göyazan Qazakh FK is an Azerbaijani football club.	göyazan qazakh fk,azerbaijani football club
The Battle of Macroom was fought in 1650, near Macroom, County Cork, in southern Ireland, during the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland.	cromwellian conquest,county cork,southern ireland,near macroom,macroom,ireland,fought,battle
Élie Diodati (Elia, Elias) (1576–1661) was a Genevan lawyer and jurist from a leading Calvinist family in Geneva, who had moved there from Lucca.	leading calvinist family,élie diodati,genevan lawyer,moved,lucca,jurist,geneva,elias,elia
Prospective memory is a form of memory that involves remembering to perform a planned action or recall a planned intention at some future point in time.	planned intention,planned action,involves remembering,future point,prospective memory,memory,time,recall,perform,form
The 2014–15 Columbia Lions men's basketball team represented Columbia University during the 2014–15 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.	2014 – 15 ncaa division,basketball team represented columbia university,basketball season,men
James Carter (December 18, 1925 – November 26, 2003) was an American singer.	james carter,american singer
In particle physics, lepton number (historically also called lepton charge) is a conserved quantum number representing the difference between the number of leptons and the number of antileptons in an elementary particle reaction.	historically also called lepton charge,conserved quantum number representing,elementary particle reaction,lepton number,particle physics,number,leptons,difference,antileptons
Clarice Benini (8 January 1905, in Florence – 8 September 1976, in Poggio a Vico, Rufina) was an Italian chess master.She finished second in the Women's World Championship at Stockholm 1937, behind Vera Menchik but ahead of Sonja Graf, Milda Lauberte, Mary Bain, Mona May Karff, and others.	8 january 1905,mona may karff,italian chess master,behind vera menchik,world championship,sonja graf,milda lauberte,mary bain,finished second,clarice benini,women,vico,rufina,poggio,others,ahead
The 1997 Austrian motorcycle Grand Prix was the fifth round of the 1997 Grand Prix motorcycle racing season.	1997 austrian motorcycle grand prix,fifth round
The state of Tamil Nadu, in southern India is divided into 33 districts.	tamil nadu,southern india,state,divided
Nicolás Gastón Falczuk (Hebrew: ניקולאס פלצ'וק‎; born 16 November 1986) is an Argentine professional association football who plays for Israeli club, Hapoel Nazareth Illit.	argentine professional association football,nicolás gastón falczuk,hapoel nazareth illit,ניקולאס פלצ,israeli club,plays,hebrew
Jim Robson (born January 17, 1935) is a former radio and television broadcaster who was the play-by-play announcer of the Vancouver Canucks' games from 1970 to 1999.	vancouver canucks,television broadcaster,jim robson,former radio,play announcer,play,games,1970
Freedom is an instrumental jazz album which was a collaboration between flautist Trey Eley and producer Matthew Shell.	producer matthew shell,instrumental jazz album,flautist trey eley,freedom,collaboration
Agustín Nadruz Blanco (born 29 June 1996) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Atlético de Rafaela.	uruguayan professional footballer,atlético de rafaela,agustín nadruz blanco,plays,midfielder
The 2009 Formula 3 Sudamericana season was the 23rd Formula 3 Sudamericana season.	2009 formula 3 sudamericana season
Sheryl Davis Kohl is an American politician who represented district 34A in the Maryland House of Delegates.	sheryl davis kohl,maryland house,american politician,delegates
Douglas Park is located at 18th Avenue and 10th Street in Rock Island, Illinois.	rock island,douglas park,10th street,located,illinois
Privezac is a commune in the Aveyron department in southern France.	southern france,aveyron department,privezac,commune
Uppala is a major town in Kasaragod district, Kerala, India.	major town,kasaragod district,uppala,kerala,india
The World 100 is a dirt late model racing event that has been held every year since 1971 at the famed 1/2 mile Eldora Speedway in Rossburg, Ohio, and is considered by many race fans to be the most prestigious dirt late model event in the United States.	prestigious dirt late model event,dirt late model racing event,many race fans,united states,rossburg,ohio,considered
Drunk Stoned Brilliant Dead: The Story of the National Lampoon is a 2015 American documentary film directed by Douglas Tirola.	drunk stoned brilliant dead,national lampoon,douglas tirola,story
Prince Boris of Bulgaria, Duke of Saxony, Prince of Turnovo (born 12 October 1997 in Madrid), is the elder son of Kardam, Prince of Turnovo, and the grandson of former Tsar Simeon II of Bulgaria.He is, after the death of his father on 7 April 2015, first in line of succession to the defunct Bulgarian throne.Boris, who has maintained close relations with the Spanish royal family since his father's death, speaks Spanish, English, French and some Bulgarian.	former tsar simeon ii,spanish royal family since,maintained close relations,defunct bulgarian throne,speaks spanish,madrid ),,elder son,prince boris,bulgarian,prince,boris,turnovo,succession,saxony,line,kardam,grandson,french,first,father,english,duke,death,bulgaria
Lecanodiaspis prosopidis is a species of scale insect of the family Lecanodiaspididae.	scale insect,lecanodiaspis prosopidis,family lecanodiaspididae,species
Michael Kwan Ching-kit is a Hong Kong Cantopop singer previously with the Philips label (the brand Polygram was not adopted until later in Hong Kong), and later with EMI. His back catalogue (1986–1988) continues to be published by Universal Music Group.	hong kong cantopop singer previously,hong kong ),,universal music group,michael kwan ching,philips label,brand polygram,back catalogue,published,later,kit,emi,continues,adopted
The copper coulometer is a one application for the copper-copper(II) sulfate electrode.	sulfate electrode,one application,copper coulometer,copper,ii
Huntersville is an unincorporated community in St.	unincorporated community,st,huntersville
The Pagemaster is a video game released in conjunction with the 1994 film The Pagemaster.	video game released,pagemaster,conjunction
Philippine television drama, also known as teleserye, Filipino telenovelas or P-drama, is a form of melodramatic serialized fiction in television in the Philippines.	melodramatic serialized fiction,philippine television drama,filipino telenovelas,also known,television,drama,teleserye,philippines,p,form
The 2011 NCAA Division I Men's Basketball Tournament was a single-elimination tournament involving 68 teams to determine the national champion of the 2010–11 NCAA Division I men's basketball season.	2010 – 11 ncaa division,basketball tournament,national champion,basketball season,single,men,determine
Young Corbett II (born William J. Rothwell on October 4, 1880 Denver, Colorado and died on April 10, 1927) is a boxer who held the World Featherweight championship.	young corbett ii,world featherweight championship,born william j,april 10,rothwell,held,died,colorado,boxer
In computer security, challenge–response authentication is a family of protocols in which one party presents a question ("challenge") and another party must provide a valid answer ("response") to be authenticated.	valid answer (" response "),question (" challenge "),challenge – response authentication,another party must provide,one party presents,computer security,protocols,family,authenticated
Frederick William Hamilton (March 30, 1860 – May 22, 1940) was an American Universalist businessman and the fourth president of Tufts University from 1905 to 1912.	frederick william hamilton,american universalist businessman,tufts university,fourth president,1912
Ivan Dmitriyevich Ovsyankin (Russian: Иван Дмитриевич Овсянкин; born 8 September 1997) is a Russian football player who plays for FC Luki-Energiya Velikiye Luki.	иван дмитриевич овсянкин,ivan dmitriyevich ovsyankin,energiya velikiye luki,russian football player,fc luki,russian,plays
Yvan Covent (12 October 1940 – 19 November 2011) was a Belgian cyclist.	yvan covent,belgian cyclist
Myoporaceae was a family of plants, found mostly in Australia, which included the following genera:	found mostly,following genera,plants,myoporaceae,included,family,australia
Coleg Cymunedol Y Dderwen is a large English-medium comprehensive school serving the Garw and Ogmore valleys.	medium comprehensive school serving,ogmore valleys,large english,coleg cymunedol,garw,dderwen
The Rokeach Value Survey (RVS) is a values classification instrument.	values classification instrument,rokeach value survey,rvs
Monte Scuderi (1253 m) is a mountain of the Peloritani range located in northeast Sicily.	peloritani range located,northeast sicily,monte scuderi,mountain
Phtheochroa aarviki is a species of moth of the Tortricidae family.	tortricidae family,phtheochroa aarviki,species,moth
elBulli (Catalan pronunciation: [əl ˈβuʎi]) was a Michelin 3-star restaurant near the town of Roses, Catalonia, Spain, run by chef Ferran Adrià.	əl ˈβuʎi ]),star restaurant near,chef ferran adrià,catalan pronunciation,town,spain,run,roses,elbulli,catalonia
On July 18 – 19 2006, in 32 hours and 18 minutes, Jenna Lambert, then aged 15, became the first female with a physical disability to swim across Lake Ontario.	swim across lake ontario,physical disability,jenna lambert,first female,32 hours,became
Beverly is an unincorporated community in Elbert County, in the U.S. state of Georgia.	unincorporated community,elbert county,u,state,georgia,beverly
Jijabai Shahaji Bhosale (12 January 1598 – 17 June 1674), referred to as Rajmata Jijabai, was the mother of Shivaji, founder of Maratha Empire.	jijabai shahaji bhosale,rajmata jijabai,maratha empire,shivaji,mother,founder
North Aceh FC stands for North Aceh Football Club is an  Indonesian football club based in North Aceh Regency, Aceh.	indonesian football club based,north aceh football club,north aceh fc stands,north aceh regency,aceh
Peter De Abrew (1862–1940) was a Ceylonese industrialist and philanthropist.Born to William de Abrew, a successful businessman, Peter De Abrew was educated at the Colombo Academy (now Royal College Colombo).	royal college colombo ).,william de abrew,peter de abrew,colombo academy,successful businessman,ceylonese industrialist,philanthropist,educated,born
The ARIA Music Award for Best Adult Contemporary Album, is an award presented at the annual ARIA Music Awards, which recognises "the many achievements of Aussie artists across all music genres", since 1987.	best adult contemporary album,annual aria music awards,aria music award,aussie artists across,award presented,many achievements,recognises
Infinity Group is a private equity fund backed by China Development Bank and Clal Industries.	private equity fund backed,china development bank,infinity group,clal industries
Sri Lanka's Got Talent (often abbreviated as SLGT) is a Sri Lankan television talent show which started in 2017 and originated from the Got Talent franchise.	sri lankan television talent show,got talent franchise,got talent,sri lanka,often abbreviated,started,slgt,originated
Hans Henrik Ágost Gábor, Baron Thyssen-Bornemisza de Kászon et Impérfalva (13 April 1921 – 27 April 2002), a noted industrialist and art collector, was a Dutch-born Swiss citizen with a Hungarian title, a legal resident of Monaco for tax purposes, with a declared second residency in the United Kingdom, but in actuality a long-time resident of Spain, and son of a German father and a Hungarian and English American mother (related to Daniel M. Frost and John Kerry).	bornemisza de kászon et impérfalva,hans henrik ágost gábor,john kerry ).,english american mother,declared second residency,born swiss citizen,united kingdom,time resident,tax purposes,noted industrialist,legal resident,german father,baron thyssen,art collector,hungarian title,hungarian,spain,son,related,monaco,long,frost,dutch,daniel,actuality
"I'm Not Over You" is a 1994 song by the musician CeCe Peniston, originally recorded for her album Thought 'Ya Knew on A&M Records.	musician cece peniston,ya knew,originally recorded,album thought,records
Centergazservice-opt LLC (CGSO) (Russian: Центргазсервис-опт) is the core of Centergazholding Group, one of the world's largest carbon project developers.	largest carbon project developers,opt llc,centergazholding group,центргазсервис,опт,world,russian,one,core,cgso,centergazservice
The following is a list of the MTV Europe Music Award winners and nominees for Best Portuguese Act.	mtv europe music award winners,best portuguese act,nominees,list,following
Joice Cristina Hasselmann (born 29 January 1978) is a Brazilian journalist, writer, activist and conservative political commentator.She worked on CBN, BandNews FM, VEJA as a host of the magazine's video channel, RecordTV on the affiliate broadcaster RIC TV and SBT on the affiliate Rede Massa TV. She also had a short working time on the Jovem Pan in São Paulo, where she presented Os Pingos nos Is program, an absolute audience leader at the 6 p.m (local time).	presented os pingos nos,affiliate rede massa tv,affiliate broadcaster ric tv,short working time,local time ).,joice cristina hasselmann,conservative political commentator,absolute audience leader,video channel,são paulo,jovem pan,brazilian journalist,bandnews fm,writer,worked,veja,sbt,recordtv,program,magazine,host,cbn,also,activist
Bathyphantes brevis is a species of sheetweb spider in the family Linyphiidae.	sheetweb spider,family linyphiidae,bathyphantes brevis,species
The Knoxville Incline was a broad gauge inclined railway that ran between Pittsburgh's South Side and Allentown neighborhoods.	broad gauge inclined railway,south side,knoxville incline,allentown neighborhoods,ran,pittsburgh
Lakeside is a census designated place (CDP) in San Diego County, California.	san diego county,census designated place,lakeside,cdp,california
The Liverpool Edge Hill by-election of 1979 was a parliamentary by-election held in England on 29 March 1979 to elect a new Member of Parliament (MP) for the House of Commons constituency of Liverpool Edge Hill.	liverpool edge hill,new member,commons constituency,election held,election,parliamentary,parliament,mp,house,england,elect
William John Addison Beynon (December 21, 1877 – June 8, 1968) was a Canadian politician and barrister.	william john addison beynon,december 21,canadian politician,barrister
Gilbert Ray Hodges, ne Hodge (April 4, 1924 – April 2, 1972) was an American Major League Baseball (MLB) first baseman and manager who played most of his 18-year career for the Brooklyn and Los Angeles Dodgers.	american major league baseball,los angeles dodgers,gilbert ray hodges,year career,ne hodge,first baseman,played,mlb,manager,brooklyn,18
Fredia "The Cheetah" Gibbs (born July 8, 1963), a four-sport champion, is an American former professional Martial Artist, Kickboxer and Boxer who competed from 1975- 2005.	american former professional martial artist,sport champion,kickboxer,gibbs,fredia,four,competed,cheetah,boxer,1975
Harmony is an unincorporated community in Jefferson County, Illinois, United States.	united states,unincorporated community,jefferson county,illinois,harmony
Kikkan Randall (born December 31, 1982) is an American, Olympic champion cross-country skier.	olympic champion cross,kikkan randall,country skier,american
Henriette Maria of Brandenburg-Schwedt (2 March 1702 probably in Berlin – 7 May 1782 in Köpenick), was a granddaughter of the "Great Elector" Frederick William of Brandenburg.	2 march 1702 probably,köpenick ),,henriette maria,great elector,frederick william,schwedt,granddaughter,brandenburg
Murestaneh (Persian: مورستانه‎, also Romanized as Mūrestāneh; also known as Mūrestāneh-ye-Qāzī Bolāghī, Muristāneh, and Muristanekh) is a village in Dast Jerdeh Rural District, Chavarzaq District, Tarom County, Zanjan Province, Iran.	مورستانه ‎, also romanized,dast jerdeh rural district,chavarzaq district,also known,zanjan province,tarom county,qāzī bolāghī,ye,village,persian,mūrestāneh,muristāneh,muristanekh,murestaneh,iran
Franz Lefler (1831, Langenbruck (now Dlouhý Most), Bohemia - 19 June 1898, Weißenbach an der Triesting) was an Austrian painter.	franz lefler,der triesting,austrian painter,), bohemia,weißenbach,langenbruck,dlouhý
Haʻapai 12 is an electoral constituency for the Legislative Assembly in the Kingdom of Tonga.	legislative assembly,electoral constituency,tonga,kingdom
Marie Laforêt (born 5 October 1939) is a French singer and actress.	marie laforêt,french singer,actress
Changena is a district in Buenos Aires Canton, Costa Rica.	buenos aires canton,costa rica,district,changena
James Spenceley (born September 1976) is an Australian investor, award-winning entrepreneur and company director.	winning entrepreneur,james spenceley,company director,australian investor,award
Tielman Johannes de Villiers Roos (1879 – 28 March 1935) was a right wing South African politician and sometime Cabinet minister.	tielman johannes de villiers roos,right wing south african politician,sometime cabinet minister
The 1996 Chrono des Herbiers was the 15th edition of the Chrono des Nations cycle race and was held on 20 October 1996.	chrono des nations cycle race,20 october 1996,held
Anastase Dragomir (1896–1966) was a distinguished Romanian inventor, most famous for his "catapultable cockpit" patent (with Tănase Dobrescu) as an early form of ejection seat, although preceded by Everard Calthrop's 1916 compressed air ejection seat, and others.	distinguished romanian inventor,ejection seat,tănase dobrescu,everard calthrop,early form,catapultable cockpit,anastase dragomir,although preceded,patent,others,famous
I Was Prey formally Human Prey is a single-season series that aired on Animal Planet.	prey formally human prey,season series,animal planet,single,aired
Sergio Caputo (born August 31, 1954 in Rome) is an Italian singer, writer, composer, and guitarist.	sergio caputo,italian singer,writer,rome,guitarist,composer
Araden (Syriac: ܐܪܕܢ) is a Assyrian village in the Dohuk Governorate of Iraq.	dohuk governorate,assyrian village,ܐܪܕܢ,syriac,iraq,araden
Delusion (Croatian: Zavaravanje for Pretense or Faking) is a 1998 Croatian crime-drama film directed by Zeljko Senecic.	drama film directed,zeljko senecic,croatian,zavaravanje,pretense,faking,delusion
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in Houghton County, Michigan.	historic places listings,national register,houghton county,michigan,list
The Sts.	sts
Boone Logan (born August 13, 1984) is an American professional baseball relief pitcher who is currently a free agent.	american professional baseball relief pitcher,free agent,boone logan,currently
Comptons Corner is an unincorporated community in Fairfax County, Virginia, United States.	united states,unincorporated community,fairfax county,comptons corner,virginia
The 2000–01 season was the 102nd season of competitive league football in the history of English football club Wolverhampton Wanderers.	english football club wolverhampton wanderers,competitive league football,history
Preparation for the Festival (祭りの準備, Matsuri no junbi) is a 1975 Japanese film directed by Kuroki Kazuo.	kuroki kazuo,祭りの準備,preparation,matsuri,junbi,festival
Oliver Spencer Glisson (January 18, 1809 – November 20, 1890), was a rear admiral of the United States Navy.	united states navy,oliver spencer glisson,rear admiral,1890 ),
Kiswarniyuq (Quechua kiswar a species of shrub or tree (Buddleja incana), -ni, -yuq suffixes, "the one with kiswar", Hispanicized spellings Quisuarnioc) is a  mountain in the Andes of Peru, about 4,600 m (15,092 ft) high.	kiswar ", hispanicized spellings quisuarnioc,buddleja incana ),,quechua kiswar,yuq suffixes,tree,species,shrub,peru,one,ni,mountain,kiswarniyuq,high,andes,4
Amber Midthunder is an American actress.	american actress,amber midthunder
Bryan Mahoney, best known by his stage name, Big B, is an American rapper currently signed with Suburban Noize Records as a solo artist.	american rapper currently signed,suburban noize records,stage name,solo artist,bryan mahoney,big b,best known
ST Empire Rosa was the name of two tugs:

ST Empire Rosa (1944), a 593 GRT tug built by Clelands (Successors) Ltd, Willington Quay-on-Tyne.	st empire rosa,willington quay,two tugs,tyne,successors,name,ltd,clelands
The Maine International Film Festival, or MIFF, is a 10-day film festival held annually in Waterville, Maine.	day film festival held annually,maine international film festival,maine,waterville,miff
M'Bagnick M'Bodj (born 7 August 1940) is a Senegalese judoka.	senegalese judoka,bodj,bagnick
Gill Industries is an American global supplier that works mainly in welding and assembly, headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan with offices in Trenton, Georgia, Richmond, KY, and global offices in Mexico, Europe and Asia.	american global supplier,works mainly,grand rapids,global offices,gill industries,offices,welding,trenton,richmond,michigan,mexico,ky,headquartered,georgia,europe,assembly,asia
Philip Sidney, 5th Earl of Leicester (8 July 1676 – 24 July 1705) was a British peer and Member of Parliament for Kent, styled Viscount Lisle from 1698 to 1702.	styled viscount lisle,philip sidney,british peer,parliament,member,leicester,kent,1698
Patti is the seventh album released by recording artist Patti LaBelle, released in July 1985.	recording artist patti labelle,seventh album released,patti,released
Bayesian search theory is the application of Bayesian statistics to the search for lost objects.	bayesian search theory,bayesian statistics,lost objects,search,application
The 2016 Liga Dominicana de Fútbol season (known as the LDF Banco Popular for sponsorship reasons) is the 2nd season of professional football in the Dominican Republic.	ldf banco popular,sponsorship reasons,professional football,dominican republic,known
"Galileo" is a song written by Emily Saliers and recorded and performed by folk rock group the Indigo Girls.	folk rock group,song written,indigo girls,emily saliers,recorded,performed,galileo
John Edwards (1760–98) was the eighth intendant (mayor) of Charleston, South Carolina, serving two terms from 1795 to 1797.	serving two terms,south carolina,john edwards,eighth intendant,mayor,charleston,1795
State Highway 7 (SH 7) is an 81.64 miles (131.39 km) long state highway in the U.S. state of Colorado.	long state highway,sh 7,39 km,state,u,colorado,131
Herodas (Greek: Ἡρώδας), or Herondas (the name is spelt differently in the few places where he is mentioned), was a Greek poet and the author of short humorous dramatic scenes in verse, probably written in Alexandria during the 3rd century BC.Apart from the intrinsic merit of these pieces, they are interesting in the history of Greek literature as being a new species, illustrating Alexandrian methods.	short humorous dramatic scenes,illustrating alexandrian methods,ἡρώδας ),,spelt differently,probably written,new species,mentioned ),,intrinsic merit,greek poet,greek literature,greek,verse,places,pieces,name,interesting,history,herondas,herodas,author,apart,alexandria
The Capitals–Rangers rivalry is a National Hockey League (NHL) rivalry between the Washington Capitals and the New York Rangers.	capitals – rangers rivalry,new york rangers,national hockey league,washington capitals,rivalry,nhl
A partial lunar eclipse took place on Monday, June 15, 1992, the first of two lunar eclipses in 1992, the second being with a total lunar eclipse on Wednesday, December 9.	partial lunar eclipse took place,total lunar eclipse,two lunar eclipses,december 9,wednesday,second,monday,first
Stephanie Smith is an American contemporary Christian music singer/songwriter.	american contemporary christian music singer,stephanie smith,songwriter
When the Girls Take Over is a men's adventure comedy film produced and directed by Russell Hayden and starring Marvin Miller, Jackie Coogan, and Robert Lowery.	adventure comedy film produced,starring marvin miller,russell hayden,robert lowery,jackie coogan,girls take,men,directed
Trần Văn Thời is a rural district (huyện) of Cà Mau Province in the Mekong Delta region of Vietnam.	trần văn thời,mekong delta region,cà mau province,rural district,vietnam,huyện
So Rock is the second solo comedy album released by the Australian musical comedian Tim Minchin.	second solo comedy album released,australian musical comedian tim minchin,rock
Edward Calvert (20 September 1799 – 14 July 1883) was an English printmaker and painter.	english printmaker,edward calvert,painter
Joseph Stanley    was a professional baseball player who played outfielder in the Major Leagues in 1884 for the Baltimore Monumentals of the Union Association.	professional baseball player,union association,played outfielder,major leagues,joseph stanley,baltimore monumentals
Carolina Rincon (January 9, 1984) is a Mexican actress from Navojoa, Sonora.	mexican actress,carolina rincon,sonora,navojoa
Jaineck Chinyanta is a Zambian boxer.	zambian boxer,jaineck chinyanta
Moisey Alexandrovich Markov (Russian: Моисей Александрович Марков; 13 May 1908 Rasskazovo, Tambov Governorate, Russian Empire - 1 November 1994, Moscow, Russia) was a Soviet physicist-theorist who mostly worked in the area of quantum mechanics, nuclear physics and particle physics  He is particularly known for having proposed the idea of underwater neutrino telescopes in 1960 that was originally developed in the master thesis of his student Igor Mikhailovich Zheleznykh.Moisey Markov graduated from the Faculty of Physics of Moscow University in 1930.	student igor mikhailovich zheleznykh,моисей александрович марков,underwater neutrino telescopes,moisey markov graduated,moisey alexandrovich markov,tambov governorate,soviet physicist,quantum mechanics,particularly known,originally developed,mostly worked,master thesis,particle physics,nuclear physics,russian empire,moscow university,physics,russian,moscow,theorist,russia,proposed,idea,faculty,area,1930
The term Calung refers either to a bamboo xylophone instrument or an ensemble.	term calung refers either,bamboo xylophone instrument,ensemble
Pseudobeta transversa is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	pseudobeta transversa,family cerambycidae,species,beetle
Moses Baritz (1883 – 29 March 1938) was a British music journalist and socialist activist.	british music journalist,socialist activist,moses baritz
Pasir Ris East MRT station (CR4) is a future underground Mass Rapid Transit station on the Cross Island MRT line located in Pasir Ris, Singapore.	future underground mass rapid transit station,cross island mrt line located,pasir ris east mrt station,pasir ris,singapore
Ottapalam is a town in Ottapalam taluk, Palakkad district, Kerala, India.Chinakathoor Pooram, an event held every year at Chinakkathoor Temple in Palappuram near Ottapalam, is one of the famous festivals in Kerala.	event held every year,palappuram near ottapalam,palakkad district,ottapalam taluk,famous festivals,chinakkathoor temple,chinakathoor pooram,ottapalam,town,one,kerala,india
Hemieuxoa rudens is a species of cutworm or dart moth in the family Noctuidae.	hemieuxoa rudens,family noctuidae,dart moth,species,cutworm
Tiberiu Gabriel Bălan (born 17 February 1981) is a Romanian former international footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	romanian former international footballer,tiberiu gabriel bălan,attacking midfielder,played
Psychology and Developing Societies (PDS) is a peer reviewed journal.	peer reviewed journal,developing societies,psychology,pds
"Hocus-Pocus and Frisby" is episode 95 (season 3, number 30) of the American television anthology series The Twilight Zone.	american television anthology series,twilight zone,number 30,pocus,hocus,frisby
Jašiūnai Manor is the neoclassical manor in Jašiūnai, Šalčininkai district of Lithuania, near River Merkys.	near river merkys,šalčininkai district,neoclassical manor,jašiūnai manor,jašiūnai,lithuania
Alexey Alexeyevich Venediktov (Russian: Алексе́й Алексе́евич Венеди́ктов; born 18 December 1955) is a Russian journalist, editor-in-chief, host and co-owner of the Echo of Moscow radio station, as well as publisher of Diletant history magazine.	алексе ́ й алексе ́ евич венеди ́ ктов,moscow radio station,diletant history magazine,alexey alexeyevich venediktov,russian journalist,russian,well,publisher,owner,host,editor,echo,co,chief
Padure Manor (Latvian: Padures muižas pils) is a manor house built in empire style located about 200 metres from a large pond formed by the waters of the Venta river, in Padure parish, Kuldīga municipality, Latvia.	padures muižas pils,large pond formed,empire style located,manor house built,padure manor,venta river,padure parish,kuldīga municipality,waters,latvian,latvia
The first chiefs of the Scottish Highland, Clan Ross were also the original Earls of Ross.	scottish highland,original earls,first chiefs,clan ross,ross,also
The Cozumel emerald (Chlorostilbon forficatus) is a species of hummingbird in the family Trochilidae.	family trochilidae,cozumel emerald,chlorostilbon forficatus,species,hummingbird
Gastroplakaeis rubroanalis is a moth species in the family of Lasiocampidae found in Cameroon and Gabon.This species has a wingspan of 64mm and a body length of 38mm.	lasiocampidae found,gastroplakaeis rubroanalis,body length,moth species,species,wingspan,gabon,family,cameroon,38mm
Chakravakam or Chakravaham (pronounced chakravākam) is a rāgam in Carnatic music (musical scale in South Indian classical music).	south indian classical music ).,carnatic music,pronounced chakravākam,musical scale,rāgam,chakravakam,chakravaham
Rapsodie nègre, FP 3, is a work dating from 1917 by Francis Poulenc for flute, clarinet, string quartet, baritone and piano.	work dating,string quartet,rapsodie nègre,francis poulenc,piano,flute,clarinet,baritone
In North America, Club Fed is a derisive term for a prison whose accommodations are less severe than many other prisons.	prison whose accommodations,north america,less severe,derisive term,club fed,prisons,many
GData (Google Data Protocol) provides a simple protocol for reading and writing data on the Internet, designed by Google.	google data protocol,writing data,simple protocol,google,reading,provides,internet,gdata,designed
Chinchale is a village in the Palghar district of Maharashtra, India.	palghar district,village,maharashtra,india,chinchale
Indera Kayangan is a state constituency in Perlis, Malaysia, that has been represented in the Perlis State Legislative Assembly since 1986.	state constituency,indera kayangan,perlis,represented,malaysia
In postal history, a gallows letter was a letter with a "gallows" mark meaning "very quickly".	quickly ".,postal history,mark meaning,gallows letter,letter,gallows
The following is a list of anti-cannabis organizations and campaigns:	cannabis organizations,list,following,campaigns,anti
The Giraldilla International is the name of an international badminton tournament, which is organized as an open championship of Cuba.	international badminton tournament,giraldilla international,open championship,organized,name,cuba
Graphoderus perplexus, the predacious diving beetle, is a species of predaceous diving beetle in the family Dytiscidae.	predacious diving beetle,predaceous diving beetle,graphoderus perplexus,family dytiscidae,species
The Du Faur Creek, a perennial stream of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment, is located in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales, Australia.	new south wales,du faur creek,blue mountains region,perennial stream,nepean catchment,located,hawkesbury,australia
The Women's 200 metre butterfly competition of the swimming events at the 2015 World Aquatics Championships was held on 5 August with the heats and the semifinals and 6 August with the final.	200 metre butterfly competition,swimming events,5 august,women,semifinals,held,heats,final
Anu is a given name and surname found independently in several cultures.	surname found independently,several cultures,given name,anu
The Prejba River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.	sadu river,prejba river,tributary,romania
The presumption of innocence is the legal principle that one is considered innocent unless proven guilty.	considered innocent unless proven guilty,legal principle,presumption,one,innocence
Robin Olsson (born May 30, 1989, in Luleå) is a Swedish ice hockey player.	swedish ice hockey player,robin olsson,luleå
Vishwas Narayan Nangare-Patil is the Commissioner of Police, Nashik in the state of Maharashtra, India.	vishwas narayan nangare,state,police,patil,nashik,maharashtra,india,commissioner
Elwood "Bingo" DeMoss (September 5, 1889 – January 26, 1965) was a baseball player and manager in the Negro Leagues from 1905 to 1943.	september 5,negro leagues,baseball player,manager,elwood,demoss,bingo,1943
Glasnevin Cemetery (Irish: Reilig Ghlas Naíon) is a large cemetery in Glasnevin, Dublin, Ireland which opened in 1832.	reilig ghlas naíon,large cemetery,glasnevin cemetery,glasnevin,opened,irish,ireland,dublin
Raghuleela is a mall situated in Vashi, Navi Mumbai, India.	navi mumbai,mall situated,vashi,raghuleela,india
Antonio Argilés Antón (31 December 1931 – 21 August 1990) was a Spanish footballer.	antonio argilés antón,spanish footballer
The 1999  Seattle Seahawks season was the franchise's 24th season in the National Football League, the last  playing their home games at the Kingdome and the first under head coach Mike Holmgren.	head coach mike holmgren,national football league,last playing,home games,kingdome,franchise,first
Hate Story 4 is a 2018 Indian Hindi-language revenge thriller film directed by Vishal Pandya and written by Sammeer Arora.	language revenge thriller film directed,2018 indian hindi,vishal pandya,sammeer arora,written
Interlachen High School is a public high school located in Interlachen, Florida, operated by the Putnam County School Board.	putnam county school board,public high school located,interlachen high school,interlachen,operated,florida
The 2011 Individual Speedway World Championship Grand Prix Qualification were a series of motorcycle speedway meetings used to determine the three riders who qualified for the 2011 Speedway Grand Prix.	2011 speedway grand prix,motorcycle speedway meetings used,three riders,series,qualified,determine
Tazeh Kand-e Madan (Persian: تازه كندمعدن‎, also Romanized as Tāzeh Kand-e Ma‘dan) is a village in Gorgin Rural District, Korani District, Bijar County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	تازه كندمعدن ‎, also romanized,gorgin rural district,korani district,‘ dan,tāzeh kand,tazeh kand,kurdistan province,bijar county,e madan,e,village,persian,iran
Paul Andrew Joncich (born October 14, 1961) is an American journalist.	paul andrew joncich,american journalist
Alan Louis Charles Bullock, Baron Bullock,  (13 December 1914 – 2 February 2004) was a British historian.	alan louis charles bullock,baron bullock,british historian
Brett Maluwelmeng (born February 19, 1985 in Sioux City, Iowa, United States) is a Guam professional footballer and football manager.	guam professional footballer,united states,sioux city,football manager,brett maluwelmeng,iowa
Without Apparent Motive (French: Sans mobile apparent) is a 1971 French thriller film directed by Philippe Labro.	without apparent motive,sans mobile apparent,philippe labro,french
The Creative Circus, founded in Atlanta, Georgia in 1995 by Norm Grey, Rob Lawton, Carol Vick, Mike Jones-Kelley, Betty Gammage and Reva Ezell is an accredited, portfolio-building educational program for Creative Advertising (Copywriting and Art Direction), Interactive Development, Design and Photography.	art direction ), interactive development,building educational program,rob lawton,reva ezell,norm grey,mike jones,creative circus,creative advertising,carol vick,betty gammage,portfolio,photography,kelley,georgia,founded,design,copywriting,atlanta,accredited
The 1971 Tour de France was the 58th edition of the Tour de France, one of cycling's Grand Tours.	tour de france,grand tours,one,cycling
Barry Cheatley (born 7 January 1939) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the North Melbourne Football Club in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	former australian rules footballer,north melbourne football club,victorian football league,vfl ).,barry cheatley,played
Digital III at Montreux is a 1979 live album featuring a compilation of performances by Ella Fitzgerald, Count Basie, Niels-Henning Ørsted Pedersen, Joe Pass, and Ray Brown, recorded at the 1979 Montreux Jazz Festival.	1979 montreux jazz festival,henning ørsted pedersen,ray brown,joe pass,ella fitzgerald,digital iii,count basie,montreux,recorded,performances,niels,compilation
The 2013–14 Edmonton Oilers season was the 35th season for the National Hockey League franchise that was established on June 22, 1979, and 42nd season including their play in the World Hockey Association.	national hockey league franchise,world hockey association,june 22,play,established
Niveria suffusa is a species of small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Triviidae, the false cowries or trivias.	small sea snail,marine gastropod mollusk,niveria suffusa,family triviidae,false cowries,trivias,species
Advanced Placement Macroeconomics (also known as AP Macroeconomics, AP Macro, APMa, or simply Macro) is an Advanced Placement macroeconomics course and exam offered by the College Board.	advanced placement macroeconomics course,advanced placement macroeconomics,ap macroeconomics,simply macro,exam offered,college board,ap macro,also known,apma
This is a list of the National Register of Historic Places listings in St.	historic places listings,national register,st,list
Karacadağdemirciler is a village in the District of Gerede, Bolu Province, Turkey.	bolu province,village,turkey,karacadağdemirciler,gerede,district
The Oktoberfest is a two-week festival held each year in Munich, Germany during late September and early October.	week festival held,late september,early october,year,two,oktoberfest,munich,germany
Farhad Khoiee-Abbasi is a public protester who has become known in Chicago as "the FBI sign guy," and sometimes as simply "The Sign Guy".	fbi sign guy ,",sign guy ".,public protester,farhad khoiee,become known,sometimes,simply,chicago,abbasi
A trainer is a class of aircraft designed specifically to facilitate flight training of pilots and aircrews.	facilitate flight training,aircraft designed specifically,trainer,pilots,class,aircrews
Crockerella toreumata is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusc in the family Clathurellidae.	marine gastropod mollusc,sea snail,family clathurellidae,crockerella toreumata,species
Emmy Kaemmerer (born 1890) was a German politician, representative of the Social Democratic Party.	social democratic party,german politician,emmy kaemmerer,representative
Omega Hydrae, Latinized from ω Hydrae, is a golden-hued star in the equatorial constellation of Hydra, located to the west-southwest of the brighter star Zeta Hydrae.	brighter star zeta hydrae,hued star,ω hydrae,omega hydrae,equatorial constellation,west,southwest,located,latinized,hydra,golden
Critical rationalism is an epistemological philosophy advanced by Karl Popper.	epistemological philosophy advanced,karl popper,critical rationalism
Modern Review was the name of a monthly magazine published in Calcutta since 1907.	monthly magazine published,modern review,name
Per Yngve Ohlin (16 January 1969 – 8 April 1991), better known by his stage name Dead, was a Swedish black metal musician, best known as the lead vocalist and lyricist of the Norwegian black metal band Mayhem from 1988 until his death in 1991.	norwegian black metal band mayhem,swedish black metal musician,stage name dead,per yngve ohlin,best known,lead vocalist,lyricist,death
Brian Bennett (born 15 June 1938) is a former  Australian rules footballer who played with South Melbourne in the Victorian Football League (VFL).	former australian rules footballer,victorian football league,vfl ).,south melbourne,brian bennett,played
Governed by Cycling Canada Cyclisme, the Canadian National Time Trial Championship is a road bicycle race that takes place inside the Canadian National Cycling Championship, and decides the best cyclist in this type of race.	canadian national time trial championship,canadian national cycling championship,cycling canada cyclisme,takes place inside,road bicycle race,best cyclist,race,type,governed,decides
Hirado Island (平戸島, Hiradoshima) (also previously named Hiranoshima and Firando Island) is the 4th largest island in the Nagasaki prefecture.	also previously named hiranoshima,hirado island,firando island,nagasaki prefecture,平戸島,hiradoshima
Hyndburn Brook is a minor river in eastern Lancashire.	minor river,hyndburn brook,eastern lancashire
The Songs We Sang is a 2015 Singaporean documentary directed by Eva Tang.	eva tang,songs,sang
Estadio Luis Tróccoli is a multi-use stadium in Montevideo, Uruguay.	estadio luis tróccoli,use stadium,uruguay,multi,montevideo
Ornelas v.	ornelas v
Giovanni Michiel was a Co-Lord of Serifos.	giovanni michiel,serifos,lord,co
Nikola Krajačević Sartorius or Mikula Krajačević (1582–1653) was a Jesuit Catholic priest, missionary and prominent person of Counter-reformation movement in Habsburg Slavonia.	jesuit catholic priest,nikola krajačević sartorius,mikula krajačević,reformation movement,prominent person,habsburg slavonia,missionary,counter
Roger Tait is a New Zealand former rugby league footballer who represented New Zealand in the 1968 World Cup.	new zealand former rugby league footballer,represented new zealand,roger tait
Mimathyma ambica, the Indian purple emperor, is a species of nymphalid butterfly found in Asia.	nymphalid butterfly found,indian purple emperor,mimathyma ambica,species,asia
King Robert I of Scotland, also known as Robert the Bruce has been depicted in literature and popular culture many times.	popular culture many times,also known,king robert,robert,scotland,literature,depicted,bruce
Erik Neander (born 1983/1984) is an American front office executive in Major League Baseball.	american front office executive,major league baseball,erik neander,1984
"Bury Me Not on the Lone Prairie" is a cowboy folk song.	cowboy folk song,lone prairie,bury
Fruit Hill is a census-designated place (CDP) in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.	united states,hamilton county,fruit hill,designated place,ohio,census,cdp
King Lear is a tragedy written by William Shakespeare.	william shakespeare,tragedy written,king lear

== Culture ==
Martin Abellana – Visayan author
Cecilia Manguerra Brainard – author, editor
Simeon Dumdum Jr.	== culture == martin abellana – visayan author cecilia manguerra brainard – author,editor simeon dumdum jr
The football tournament at the 1930 Central American and Caribbean Games was held in Havana from 16 March to 4 April.	football tournament,caribbean games,16 march,held,havana
Thazhava North which is better known as Kuthirapanthi  is a small village in Kollam district of Kerala state.	thazhava north,small village,kollam district,kerala state,better known,kuthirapanthi
Melanie Moore (born September 17, 1991) is an American actress and professional dancer best known as the winner of the eighth season of the U.S. reality television competition So You Think You Can Dance.	professional dancer best known,reality television competition,melanie moore,eighth season,american actress,winner,u,think,dance
Sensitive But Unclassified (SBU) is a designation of information in the United States federal government that, though unclassified, often requires strict controls over its distribution.	united states federal government,often requires strict controls,though unclassified,unclassified,sensitive,sbu,information,distribution,designation
Salome Jens (born May 8, 1935) is an American stage, film and television actress.	television actress,salome jens,american stage,film
Josefa Falani "Joe" Rika (born 9 November 1987) is a Fijian cricketer who made his debut for the Fijian national side in June 2006.	fijian national side,fijian cricketer,josefa falani,rika,made,joe,debut
Treasure State is a 2010 electronic music album, a collaboration by Matmos and So Percussion.	treasure state,percussion,matmos,collaboration
The sidewalk clock originally at 161-11 Jamaica Avenue in Jamaica, Queens, New York City is a historic cast iron sidewalk clock.	historic cast iron sidewalk clock,sidewalk clock originally,new york city,jamaica,queens
Epimedium, also known as barrenwort, bishop's hat, fairy wings, horny goat weed, or yin yang huo (Chinese: 淫羊藿), is a genus of flowering plants in the family Berberidaceae.	yin yang huo,horny goat weed,淫羊藿 ),,flowering plants,family berberidaceae,fairy wings,also known,hat,genus,epimedium,chinese,bishop,barrenwort
Meore Dasi (Georgian: მეორე დასი; "Second Group") was the name for a group of Georgian liberal intelligentsia that existed in the latter part of the nineteenth century, when Georgia was part of the Russian Empire.	second group "),georgian liberal intelligentsia,მეორე დასი,russian empire,nineteenth century,meore dasi,latter part,group,georgian,part,name,georgia,existed
Ihsim (Arabic: إحسم‎, also spelled Ehsem) is a town in northwestern Syria, administratively part of the Ariha District of the Idlib Governorate.	إحسم ‎, also spelled ehsem,northwestern syria,idlib governorate,ariha district,administratively part,town,ihsim,arabic
Jing-A Brewing Co.	brewing co,jing
Koresh-e Rostam is a moribund Northwestern Iranian language closely related to Talysh.	moribund northwestern iranian language closely related,e rostam,talysh,koresh
Comicstaan is an Indian stand-up comedy competition television series created by Only Much Louder for Amazon Video.	comedy competition television series created,much louder,indian stand,amazon video,comicstaan
Roy De Maistre CBE (27 March 1894 – 1 March 1968) was an Australian artist of international fame.	roy de maistre cbe,international fame,australian artist
The Ernst-von-Bergmann-Kaserne, before called Warner Kaserne by the US Army (1950-1968), has been a military facility in Munich, Germany, which was built by the architect Oswald Bieber between 1934 and 1936.	architect oswald bieber,called warner kaserne,us army,military facility,kaserne,von,munich,germany,ernst,built,bergmann,1936
Bobcat Company is an American-based manufacturer of farm and construction equipment, part of Doosan Group of South Korea.	south korea,doosan group,construction equipment,bobcat company,based manufacturer,part,farm,american
Chaim Topol (Hebrew: חיים טופול‎, born September 9, 1935), also spelled Haym Topol, mononymously known as Topol, is an Israeli theatrical, film, and television actor, singer, comedian, voice artist, film producer, author, and illustrator.	1935 ), also spelled haym topol,chaim topol,voice artist,television actor,mononymously known,israeli theatrical,film producer,topol,film,singer,illustrator,hebrew,comedian,author
The 2011 Monmouth Hawks football team represented Monmouth University in the 2011 NCAA Division I FCS football season.	fcs football season
Fully Loaded was an annual World Wrestling Federation (WWF) pay-per-view (PPV) event, which started in July 1998 and was held for a further two years in July.	annual world wrestling federation,two years,fully loaded,july,wwf,view,started,ppv,per,pay,held,event
This is a list of African primates, containing all recent species of primates found in Africa including Madagascar.	africa including madagascar,recent species,primates found,african primates,list,containing
The plumbeous warbler (Setophaga plumbea) is a species of bird in the family Parulidae.	setophaga plumbea,plumbeous warbler,family parulidae,species,bird
The Inca dove or Mexican dove (Columbina inca) is a small New World dove.	small new world dove,mexican dove,inca dove,columbina inca
Colomiers is a commune in the Haute-Garonne department in southwestern France.	southwestern france,garonne department,haute,commune,colomiers
Spunge (often typeset as [spunge] – lead singer Alex Copeland has joked that the brackets are in the name so that the letters do not fall out) are a ska punk band from Tewkesbury, England.	– lead singer alex copeland,ska punk band,often typeset,tewkesbury,spunge,name,letters,joked,fall,england,brackets
Kumar Deobrat Singh (born 24 October 1992) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Jharkhand cricket team.	kumar deobrat singh,jharkhand cricket team,indian cricketer,plays
Emblemariopsis diaphana, the Glass blenny, is a species of chaenopsid blenny found in coral reefs in the Florida Keys, USA, in the western central Atlantic ocean.	western central atlantic ocean,chaenopsid blenny found,glass blenny,florida keys,emblemariopsis diaphana,coral reefs,usa,species
Edu-Games is a computer game educational software for kids that contains educational material that is designed in an interactive game.	computer game educational software,contains educational material,interactive game,kids,games,edu,designed
Charles Ogle (1798 – May 10, 1841) was an Anti-Masonic and Whig member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania.	whig member,charles ogle,u,representatives,pennsylvania,masonic,house,anti
In ancient Rome, the apodyterium (from Ancient Greek: ἀποδυτήριον "undressing room") was the primary entry in the public baths, composed of a large changing room with cubicles or shelves where citizens could store clothing and other belongings while bathing.	citizens could store clothing,undressing room "),large changing room,public baths,primary entry,ancient rome,ancient greek,ἀποδυτήριον,shelves,cubicles,composed,belongings,bathing,apodyterium
Pomorsko [pɔˈmɔrskɔ] (German: Pommerzig) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Sulechów, within Zielona Góra County, Lubusz Voivodeship, in western Poland.	within zielona góra county,western poland,lubusz voivodeship,gmina sulechów,administrative district,village,pɔˈmɔrskɔ,pomorsko,pommerzig,german
The 21st Missouri Volunteer Infantry was an infantry regiment that served in the Union Army during the American Civil War.	american civil war,infantry regiment,union army,served
Windstar Records is a record label based in Snowmass, Colorado, that was founded by John Denver in 1976.	record label based,windstar records,john denver,snowmass,founded,colorado
Assamese: অসমৰ পুৰণি খেল-ধেমালি	অসমৰ প ু ৰণ ি খ ে ল,ধ ে ম া ল ি,assamese
Peder Oxe (Peder Oxe til Nielstrup) (7 January 1520 – 24 October 1575)  was a Danish finance minister and Steward of the Realm.	peder oxe til nielstrup,danish finance minister,peder oxe,steward,realm
For the Czech boxer with the same name see Jaroslav Konečný (boxer)

Jaroslav Konečný (14 January 1945 in Měnín – 1 August 2017 in Újezd u Brna) was a Czechoslovak handball player who competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics.He was part of the Czechoslovak team which won the silver medal at the Munich Games.	name see jaroslav konečný,újezd u brna,14 january 1945,czechoslovak handball player,jaroslav konečný,czechoslovak team,silver medal,munich games,czech boxer,boxer,part,competed
The 1928 Summer Olympics (Dutch: Olympische Zomerspelen 1928), officially known as the Games of the IX Olympiad, was an international multi-sport event that was celebrated from 28 July to 12 August 1928 in Amsterdam, Netherlands.	1928 summer olympics,sport event,ix olympiad,international multi,netherlands,games,dutch,celebrated,amsterdam
The Praetorian Guard (Latin: cohortes praetorianae) was an elite unit of the Imperial Roman army whose members served as personal bodyguards to the Roman emperors.	imperial roman army whose members served,roman emperors,praetorian guard,personal bodyguards,elite unit,cohortes praetorianae,latin
Kerry Raymond Glenn (born January 3, 1962) is a former professional American football player who played cornerback for eight  seasons for the New York Jets and the Miami Dolphins in the National Football League.	former professional american football player,national football league,new york jets,kerry raymond glenn,played cornerback,miami dolphins,eight seasons
The Georgian National Centre of Manuscripts (Georgian: საქართველოს ხელნაწერთა ეროვნული ცენტრი; formerly the Institute of Manuscripts), located in Tbilisi, Georgia, is a repository of ancient manuscripts, of historical documents and of the private archives of eminent public figures.	საქართველოს ხელნაწერთა ეროვნული ცენტრი,eminent public figures,manuscripts ), located,georgian national centre,private archives,historical documents,ancient manuscripts,manuscripts,georgian,tbilisi,repository,institute,georgia,formerly
Re-importation or reimportation is the importation of goods into a country which had previously been exported from that country.	reimportation,previously,importation,goods,exported,country
William John Grassie (born May 3, 1957) is an activist for numerous causes, including nonviolence and a freeze on nuclear weapons, reform of science education, and greater dialogue between science and religion.	william john grassie,numerous causes,nuclear weapons,including nonviolence,greater dialogue,science education,science,religion,reform,freeze,activist
Kiziroğlu is a village in the District of Gümüşhacıköy, Amasya Province, Turkey.	amasya province,village,turkey,kiziroğlu,gümüşhacıköy,district
Chester Gan (July 4, 1908 – June 29, 1959) was an American actor of Chinese descent.	july 4,chinese descent,chester gan,american actor
Phumza Maweni (born 4 September 1984) is a South African netball player in the Australian Super Netball league, playing for the Sunshine Coast Lightning.	south african netball player,australian super netball league,sunshine coast lightning,phumza maweni,playing
Dugas is a populated place situated in Yavapai County, Arizona.	populated place situated,yavapai county,dugas,arizona
General Artur Ivens Ferraz (Portuguese pronunciation: [ɐɾˈtuɾ ˈajvɐ̃ʃ fɨˈʁaʃ]; 1 December 1870, in Lisbon – 16 January 1933, in Lisbon), was a Portuguese military officer and politician.	lisbon – 16 january 1933,general artur ivens ferraz,portuguese military officer,lisbon ),,portuguese pronunciation,politician
Eunidia holoflava is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,eunidia holoflava,species,beetle
Events from the year 1732 in Great Britain.	great britain,events
The post mill is the earliest type of European windmill.	post mill,european windmill,earliest type
Faiza Abou el-Naga is an Egyptian politician who served as minister of planning and international cooperation of Egypt during the Mubarak era and the transition period.	faiza abou el,transition period,mubarak era,international cooperation,egyptian politician,served,planning,naga,minister,egypt
Joseph Edelman (born 1955) is an American billionaire hedge fund manager.	american billionaire hedge fund manager,joseph edelman
Times Drive is an Indian motoring show on Times Now.	indian motoring show,times drive,times
National is an unincorporated community in Monongalia County, West Virginia.	west virginia,unincorporated community,monongalia county,national
The Dazzle ships of the 14-18 NOW project are artworks created to commemorate the work of the artists and artisans who developed and designed the dazzle camouflage used in the First World War by ships as a defence against U-boat attack.	first world war,dazzle camouflage used,dazzle ships,boat attack,artworks created,ships,work,u,project,developed,designed,defence,commemorate,artists,artisans,14
The city of Brighton and Hove (made up of the towns of Brighton and Hove) on the south coast of England, UK has a number notable buildings and landmarks.	number notable buildings,south coast,uk,towns,made,landmarks,hove,england,city,brighton
Cedar Grove Lutheran Church is a historic Lutheran Church located at Batesburg-Leesville, Lexington County, South Carolina.	historic lutheran church located,cedar grove lutheran church,south carolina,lexington county,leesville,batesburg
The Crow: City of Angels is a 1996 American supernatural superhero film directed by Tim Pope.	tim pope,crow,city,angels
Mehdi Sabeti (born February 1, 1975) is an Iranian retired football goalkeeper.	iranian retired football goalkeeper,mehdi sabeti
The Philippine Ballet Theatre is a classical ballet company in the Philippines.	philippine ballet theatre,classical ballet company,philippines
2NUR is an Australian radio station, licensed to, and serving Newcastle and its surrounds.	australian radio station,serving newcastle,surrounds,licensed
Arita Station (有田駅, Arita-eki) is a railway station in Arita, Saga, Japan, jointly operated by Kyushu Railway Company (JR Kyushu) and the third-sector Matsuura Railway and is a transfer station between the Sasebo Line and the Nishi-Kyushu Line.	sector matsuura railway,kyushu railway company,railway station,kyushu line,jr kyushu,transfer station,sasebo line,jointly operated,arita station,arita,有田駅,third,saga,nishi,japan,eki
The Boceasa River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.	drăgan river,boceasa river,tributary,romania
Donald William Curtin (November 3, 1901 – March 17, 1963) was a player in the National Football League and a physician in Kimberly, Wisconsin.	national football league,donald william curtin,wisconsin,player,physician,kimberly
Hemi Potatau (20 May 1904 – 18 January 1994) was a New Zealand Presbyterian minister, soldier, writer.	new zealand presbyterian minister,hemi potatau,writer,soldier
Felix M. Gelt is a Canadian retired association football player representing municipal, provincial, varsity, national, semi and professional teams.	canadian retired association football player representing municipal,professional teams,varsity,semi,provincial,national,gelt,felix
The Canadian Junior Football League (CJFL) is a national amateur Canadian football league consisting of 18 teams playing in six provinces across Canada.	national amateur canadian football league consisting,canadian junior football league,six provinces across canada,cjfl
Gunnar Hedlund  (1 October 1900, Helgum, Sollefteå Municipality, Ångermanland – 27 November 1989) was a Swedish politician.	1 october 1900,swedish politician,sollefteå municipality,gunnar hedlund,helgum
Alastair MacGregor Martin is a former rugby union international who represented Chile in the late 1970s and early 1980s.	former rugby union international,alastair macgregor martin,represented chile,early 1980s
How Starbucks Saved My Life: A Son of Privilege Learns to Live Like Everyone Else is a memoir by Michael Gates Gill that chronicles his journey from a high-level advertising executive with J. Walter Thompson to a barista at Starbucks.	live like everyone else,michael gates gill,level advertising executive,walter thompson,privilege learns,starbucks saved,starbucks,son,memoir,life,journey,j,high,chronicles,barista
The Institution of Electronics and Telecommunication Engineers (IETE) is India's leading recognized professional society devoted to the advancement of science, technology, electronics, telecommunication and information technology.	leading recognized professional society devoted,telecommunication engineers,information technology,telecommunication,technology,science,institution,india,iete,electronics,advancement
Koji Nonoshita (野々下 耕嗣, Nonoshita Kōji, born 1937) is a Japanese former swimmer.	japanese former swimmer,野々下 耕嗣,nonoshita kōji,koji nonoshita
Tent caterpillars are moderately sized caterpillars, or moth larvae, belonging to the genus Malacosoma in the family Lasiocampidae.	moderately sized caterpillars,tent caterpillars,moth larvae,genus malacosoma,family lasiocampidae,belonging
Angus McGill MBE (26 November 1927 – 16 October 2015) was an English journalist who made his name writing a humorous weekly column in the London Evening Standard, which ran for 30 years documenting all that was eccentric about London life.	humorous weekly column,angus mcgill mbe,london evening standard,london life,name writing,english journalist,ran,made,eccentric
Duplex cockingi is a moth of the Micronoctuidae family.	micronoctuidae family,duplex cockingi,moth
Coldingham Bay is an inlet in the North Sea coast, just over three kilometres north of the town of Eyemouth in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland.	three kilometres north,scottish borders area,north sea coast,coldingham bay,town,scotland,inlet,eyemouth
Robert T. Hamilton (January 10, 1916 – December 6, 1990) was an American professional golfer.	american professional golfer,robert,hamilton
The Seven Boyars (Russian: Семибоярщина, the Russian term indicating "Rule of the Seven Boyars" or "the Deeds of the Seven Boyars") were a group of Russian nobles who deposed Tsar Vasily Shuisky on 17 July 1610 and, later that year, invited the Poles into Moscow.	deposed tsar vasily shuisky,seven boyars "),russian term indicating,seven boyars,russian nobles,russian,семибоярщина,year,rule,poles,moscow,later,invited,group,deeds
Palmview High School is a public senior high school in the La Homa census-designated place in unincorporated Hidalgo County, Texas, with a Mission postal address, and a part of the La Joya Independent School District.	la joya independent school district,public senior high school,palmview high school,la homa census,unincorporated hidalgo county,mission postal address,designated place,texas,part
Dominique Foata (born October 12, 1934) is a mathematician who works in enumerative combinatorics.	enumerative combinatorics,dominique foata,works,mathematician
Ernest Ačkun (Ернест Ачкун) (March 27, 1930 – September 28, 2001) was a Yugoslav clarinetist.	ернест ачкун,yugoslav clarinetist,ernest ačkun
Archibald Van Horne (died 1817) was an American politician.	archibald van horne,american politician
Varak (Persian: وارک‎, also Romanized as Vārak) is a village in Zalaqi-ye Sharqi Rural District, Besharat District, Aligudarz County, Lorestan Province, Iran.	وارک ‎, also romanized,ye sharqi rural district,besharat district,lorestan province,aligudarz county,zalaqi,vārak,village,varak,persian,iran
This article displays the rosters for the teams competing at the EuroBasket Women 2015.	teams competing,article displays,rosters
Mycetophagus obsoletus is a species of hairy fungus beetle in the family Mycetophagidae.	hairy fungus beetle,mycetophagus obsoletus,family mycetophagidae,species
The Jupiter Myth is a 2002 historical mystery crime novel by Lindsey Davis and the 14th book of the Marcus Didius Falco Mysteries series.	marcus didius falco mysteries series,lindsey davis,jupiter myth
Titan Quest: Immortal Throne is an expansion pack to the 2006 action role-playing hack and slash video game Titan Quest.	slash video game titan quest,titan quest,playing hack,immortal throne,expansion pack
The Mercedes-Benz W188 was a two-door luxury sports tourer produced by Mercedes-Benz between 1951 and 1958.	door luxury sports tourer produced,benz,two,mercedes,1951
Tara D. Sonenshine was the Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs from 2012 to 2013.	public diplomacy,public affairs,tara,state,sonenshine,secretary,2012
Amongst The Pigeons is a British producer of electro–dance music based in Brighton, England.	electro – dance music based,british producer,pigeons,england,brighton,amongst
The Mymaridae, commonly known as fairyflies or fairy wasps, are a family of chalcid wasps found in temperate and tropical regions throughout the world.	tropical regions throughout,chalcid wasps found,fairy wasps,commonly known,world,temperate,mymaridae,family,fairyflies
The 2nd Cinque Ports Artillery Volunteers was a part-time unit of the British Army's Royal Artillery from 1890 to 1955.	royal artillery,time unit,british army,part,1890
Luther Kountze (October 29, 1841 – April 17, 1918) was an American banker, responsible for helping the city of Denver, Colorado in a time of need and leaving a philanthropic legacy in Morristown, New Jersey.	philanthropic legacy,new jersey,luther kountze,american banker,time,responsible,need,morristown,leaving,helping,denver,colorado,city
Pătrăuți is a commune located in Suceava County, Romania.	suceava county,commune located,romania,pătrăuți
Rigaud is a commune in the Alpes-Maritimes department in southeastern France.	southeastern france,maritimes department,rigaud,commune,alpes
Year 217 (CCXVII) was a common year starting on Wednesday (link will display the full calendar) of the Julian calendar.	common year starting,julian calendar,full calendar,wednesday,link,display,ccxvii
Wörthersee (Slovene: Vrbsko jezero, English: Lake Wörth) is a lake in the southern Austrian state of Carinthia.	southern austrian state,vrbsko jezero,lake wörth,lake,wörthersee,slovene,english,carinthia
Discogs (short for discographies) is a website and crowdsourced database of information about audio recordings, including commercial releases, promotional releases, and bootleg or off-label releases.	including commercial releases,promotional releases,label releases,crowdsourced database,audio recordings,website,short,information,discogs,discographies,bootleg
Flambeau Lake is a 1,166 acre lake in Vilas County, Wisconsin.	flambeau lake,vilas county,wisconsin
Spencer County is a county located in the U.S. state of Kentucky.	spencer county,county located,u,state,kentucky
Li Xin (李信) was a general of Qin during the Warring States era.	warring states era,li xin,李信,qin,general
Hiram na Puso (International title: A Change of Heart / transl. Borrowed Heart) is a 2012 Philippine television drama series broadcast by GMA Network.	hiram na puso,international title,gma network,borrowed heart,heart,transl,change
Iridopsis vellivolata, the large purplish gray, is a species of geometrid moth in the family Geometridae.	large purplish gray,iridopsis vellivolata,geometrid moth,family geometridae,species
Bernard Mulrenin (1803–1868) was an Irish painter.	irish painter,bernard mulrenin
The War on Terror, also known as the Global War on Terrorism, is an international military campaign that was launched by the United States government after the September 11 attacks against the United States.	international military campaign,united states government,united states,also known,global war,war,terrorism,terror,launched
Lycée Jules Verne is a senior high school in Cergy, Val-d'Oise, France, in the Paris metropolitan area.	senior high school,paris metropolitan area,lycée jules verne,val,oise,france,cergy
Latrobe High School is a co-educational public 7-10 high school in Latrobe, Tasmania.The formation of the Latrobe High School was when the then Latrobe School separated into the Latrobe High School and Latrobe Primary School.	10 high school,latrobe school separated,latrobe primary school,latrobe high school,latrobe,tasmania,formation,co
The "missing heritability" problem is the fact that single genetic variations cannot account for much of the heritability of diseases, behaviors, and other phenotypes.	single genetic variations cannot account,missing heritability,heritability,problem,phenotypes,much,fact,diseases,behaviors
The coastline of Brazil measures 7,491 km, which makes it the 16th longest national coastline of the world.	brazil measures 7,coastline,world,makes
Chaozhou Township (also spelled Chaojhou; Chinese: 潮州鎮) is an urban township in western Pingtung County, Taiwan.	western pingtung county,also spelled chaojhou,urban township,chaozhou township,潮州鎮,taiwan,chinese
A full-text database or a complete-text database is a database that contains the complete text of books, dissertations, journals, magazines, newspapers or other kinds of textual documents.	textual documents,text database,complete text,database,complete,newspapers,magazines,kinds,journals,full,dissertations,contains,books
Tania (Tanya) Roxanne Moss (born 12 February 1964 in Auckland) is a New Zealand former gymnast who competed in the 1984 Olympic Games in Los Angeles.	new zealand former gymnast,1984 olympic games,roxanne moss,los angeles,tanya,tania,competed,auckland
Lee Bo-young (Hangul: 이보영; born January 12, 1979) is a South Korean actress.	south korean actress,lee bo,이보영,young,hangul
Richard Blount, S.J. (1565–1638) was an English priest and the first Jesuit Provincial of England after the Elizabethan Laws were passed.	first jesuit provincial,richard blount,english priest,elizabethan laws,passed,j,england
Bahram Sadeghi (Persian: بهرام صادقی‎, translit.	بهرام صادقی ‎, translit,bahram sadeghi,persian
Melipotis acontioides, the royal poinciana moth, is a species of moth in the family Erebidae.	royal poinciana moth,melipotis acontioides,family erebidae,moth,species
Mary Irene Gurney Evans (ca.	mary irene gurney evans,ca
Founded in 1904, the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) is the global professional accounting body offering the Chartered Certified Accountant qualification (ACCA).	global professional accounting body offering,chartered certified accountant qualification,chartered certified accountants,acca ).,acca,founded,association
The Uluburun Shipwreck is a Late Bronze Age shipwreck dated to the late 14th century BC, discovered close to the east shore of Uluburun (Grand Cape), and about 6 miles (9.7 km) miles southeast of Kaş, in south-western Turkey.	late bronze age shipwreck dated,grand cape ),,uluburun shipwreck,western turkey,miles southeast,east shore,discovered close,6 miles,uluburun,south,kaş
Sons and Lovers is a 1981 BBC television serial based on the D. H. Lawrence book Sons and Lovers.	lawrence book sons,sons,lovers,h
Choudhary Ishwar Singh Jadaula (born 10 April 1950, Jadaula, Kaithal district, Haryana) is a politician from Indian Congress in Haryana state of India.	choudhary ishwar singh jadaula,kaithal district,indian congress,haryana state,jadaula,haryana,politician,india
Hestiochora occidentalis is a moth of the family Zygaenidae.	hestiochora occidentalis,family zygaenidae,moth
Djakarta is an American contemporary artist, comedian and actress.	american contemporary artist,djakarta,comedian,actress
Codie Prevost (born December 19, 1984) is a Canadian country music artist.	canadian country music artist,codie prevost
James Dunham (born November 22, 1963) is an American former ice sledge hockey player.	american former ice sledge hockey player,james dunham
The Semper's warbler (Leucopeza semperi) is an extremely rare or possibly extinct New World warbler which is endemic to Saint Lucia, part of the Lesser Antilles.	possibly extinct new world warbler,saint lucia,leucopeza semperi,lesser antilles,extremely rare,warbler,semper,part,endemic
Saint Agostina Pietrantoni (27 March 1864 - 13 November 1894) - born Livia Pietrantoni - was an Italian professed religious and a nurse from the Thourets.	saint agostina pietrantoni,italian professed religious,born livia pietrantoni,13 november 1894,thourets,nurse
The Monnaie de Paris (Paris Mint) is a government-owned institution responsible for producing France's euro coins.	owned institution responsible,monnaie de paris,paris mint,producing france,euro coins,government
HMCS Swift Current (pennant J254) was a Bangor-class minesweeper that served with the Royal Canadian Navy during the Second World War.	second world war,royal canadian navy,hmcs swift current,class minesweeper,served,bangor
Altınçanak (sometimes called Altunçanak) is a village in the District of Gölbaşı, Ankara Province, Turkey.	sometimes called altunçanak,ankara province,village,turkey,gölbaşı,district,altınçanak
This is a list of the principal government ministers during the reign of Elizabeth I of England, 1558 to 1603.	principal government ministers,reign,list,england,elizabeth,1558
Union Parish (French: Paroisse de l'Union) is a parish located in the U.S. state of Louisiana.	paroisse de l,parish located,union parish,union,u,state,louisiana,french
José Jesús Silvestre (born Novemberber 28, 1989 in Nayarit, Mexico) is a Mexican professional boxer and the former WBA World Minimumweight Interim Champion.	former wba world minimumweight interim champion,mexican professional boxer,josé jesús silvestre,nayarit,mexico
Sze Yu (born 30 September 1962) is a Chinese-born Australian actor, television presenter and retired badminton player.	born australian actor,retired badminton player,television presenter,sze yu,chinese
Zadvorsko is a village in Croatia.	zadvorsko,village,croatia
Holocaust inversion is antisemitic anti-Zionist discourse in which Zionists are cast as Nazis, and Palestinians as Jews.	zionist discourse,holocaust inversion,antisemitic anti,zionists,palestinians,nazis,jews,cast
Chrysocraspeda zearia is a species of moth of the  family Geometridae.	family geometridae,chrysocraspeda zearia,species,moth
Shackleton Glacier is a major Antarctic glacier, over 96 km (60 mi) long and from 8 to 16 km (5 to 10 mi) wide, descending from the polar plateau from the vicinity of Roberts Massif and flowing north through the Queen Maud Mountains to enter the Ross Ice Shelf between Mount Speed and Waldron Spurs.	ross ice shelf,queen maud mountains,major antarctic glacier,shackleton glacier,waldron spurs,roberts massif,polar plateau,mount speed,flowing north,60 mi,10 mi,wide,vicinity,long,enter,descending,5
Mannan Magal (Tamil: மன்னன் மகள்) is a Tamil Thriller soap opera aired on Jaya TV. The show premiered on 17 February 2014 and aired Monday through Friday at 8:30 pm IST. A new show named Akka replaced this show at 8:30PM and pushed this serial to 9:30PM IST instead since 15 September 2014.	மன ் னன ் மகள ்),new show named akka replaced,tamil thriller soap opera aired,17 february 2014,aired monday,show premiered,mannan magal,jaya tv,tamil,show,serial,pushed,friday,8
Li Xuesong (born 21 December 1979) is a Chinese speed skater.	chinese speed skater,li xuesong
Vaudeville News (1920-19??) was a weekly newspaper created by the Vaudeville tycoon E.F. Albee in 1920 It was intended for Vaudeville actors and their managers to provide news, information, and advertising to those in the business.	weekly newspaper created,vaudeville tycoon e,vaudeville news,vaudeville actors,provide news,managers,intended,information,f,business,albee,advertising
Jack Bros.	jack bros
Stuart le Blanc Smith (1844–1933) was an English rower who won several events at Henley Royal Regatta including Silver Goblets.	henley royal regatta including silver goblets,stuart le blanc smith,several events,english rower
Woo Won-jae (Hangul: 우원재; born December 23, 1996), also known by his moniker Woo, is a South Korean rapper.	south korean rapper,moniker woo,woo,우원재,jae,hangul
Luck by Chance is a 2009 Indian drama film written and directed by Zoya Akhtar in her directorial debut.	zoya akhtar,directorial debut,luck,directed,chance
Tadamasa Sato (佐藤 忠正, Satō Tadamasa, born May 20, 1941) is a Japanese sprint canoer who competed from the mid-1960s to the early 1970s.	japanese sprint canoer,佐藤 忠正,tadamasa sato,satō tadamasa,mid,competed,1941
San Procopio (Calabrian: San Pricopi; Greek: Άγιος Προκόπιος) is a comune (municipality) in the Province of Reggio Calabria in the Italian region Calabria, located about 90 kilometres (56 mi) southwest of Catanzaro and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of Reggio Calabria.	italian region calabria,reggio calabria,άγιος προκόπιος,san procopio,san pricopi,56 mi,19 mi,southwest,province,northeast,municipality,located,greek,comune,catanzaro,calabrian
Perilampsis is a genus of tephritid  or fruit flies in the family Tephritidae.	fruit flies,family tephritidae,tephritid,perilampsis,genus
Craig Van Ymeren (born March 10, 1989 in Aylmer, Ontario) is a Canadian curler.	craig van ymeren,canadian curler,ontario,aylmer
"El Truco" (English: "The Trick") is the fourth and last single by Daddy Yankee from his album Barrio Fino en Directo.	album barrio fino en directo,trick "),last single,el truco,daddy yankee,fourth,english
Lairmont Manor, also known as the Larrabee House, is a 1914 Italian Renaissance style home located in Bellingham, Washington.	larrabee house,lairmont manor,also known,washington,bellingham
In thermodynamics, a diathermal wall between two thermodynamic systems allows heat transfer but not mass transfer across it.	two thermodynamic systems allows heat transfer,mass transfer across,diathermal wall,thermodynamics
The Irish Recorded Music Association (IRMA) is a non-profit association set up in 1999 to promote certain interests of the music industry in the Republic of Ireland.	irish recorded music association,profit association set,promote certain interests,music industry,republic,non,irma,ireland
Sophia of Saxony (died 1244) was a member of the House of Ascania, and the abbess of Gernrode (r.1220-1244).	1244 ).,sophia,saxony,r,member,house,gernrode,ascania,abbess
Megastraea is a genus of medium-sized to large sea snails with a calcareous operculum, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Turbinidae, the turban snails.	marine gastropod mollusks,large sea snails,turban snails,family turbinidae,calcareous operculum,sized,megastraea,medium,genus
Laphyang is a town under Diktel Municipality in Khotang District in the Sagarmatha Zone of eastern Nepal.	sagarmatha zone,khotang district,eastern nepal,diktel municipality,town,laphyang
Church Road is an unincorporated community in Dinwiddie County, Virginia, United States.	united states,unincorporated community,dinwiddie county,church road,virginia
"Future World" is a song and a single made by the German heavy metal band Helloween taken from the album Keeper of the Seven Keys: Part I. It is performed frequently by Helloween and Gamma Ray at their concerts, and is usually used for crowd participation, usually with the crowd singing the first verse, sometimes after the singer shouts the first phrase.	german heavy metal band helloween taken,single made,singer shouts,seven keys,performed frequently,gamma ray,future world,first verse,first phrase,crowd singing,crowd participation,album keeper,usually used,helloween,usually,song,sometimes,part,concerts
7068 aluminium alloy is one of the strongest commercially available aluminium alloys, with a tensile strength comparable to that of some steels.	strongest commercially available aluminium alloys,tensile strength comparable,steels,one
Margit Pörtner (16 February 1972 – 26 April 2017) was a Danish curler and Olympic medalist.	olympic medalist,margit pörtner,danish curler
Notable people bearing the Tiwana name include:	tiwana name include,notable people bearing
Louise Boitard (20 May 1907 – 4 April 2001), also known as Jeanine Boitard and Jeanine Gille, was a member of the French Resistance during the Second World War.	second world war,louise boitard,jeanine gille,jeanine boitard,french resistance,member
Alyson Fox (born October 8, 1979) is an American artist, illustrator, and dinnerware designer.	dinnerware designer,american artist,alyson fox,illustrator
Mommywood is a 2009 book by Tori Spelling, released on April 14, 2009.	tori spelling,2009 book,released,mommywood
Bentley Schaad (1925–1999), was a California modernist and art educator.	california modernist,bentley schaad,art educator
Max Taitz (1904-1980) — scientist, engineer, one of the founders of the Gromov Flight Research Institute (1941), Doctor of Engineering, professor, recipient of the  Stalin Prize (1949 and 1953), Honoured Scientist of the RSFSR (1961).	gromov flight research institute,1941 ), doctor,— scientist,stalin prize,max taitz,rsfsr,recipient,professor,one,founders,engineering,engineer,1949
Bayıryüzü is a village in the District of Bartın, Bartın Province, Turkey.	bartın province,bartın,village,turkey,district,bayıryüzü
Free is a surname.	surname,free
Giovanni da Maiano II (c.	giovanni da maiano ii,c
The Grand Canyon Caverns (Havasupai: Ŧathiil Ñwaʼa or Ŧathiil Ñhaʼa, 35°31′44″N 113°13′54″W), located just a few miles east of Peach Springs, Arizona, lie 210 feet (64 m) below ground level.	lie 210 feet,grand canyon caverns,ŧathiil ñwaʼa,ŧathiil ñhaʼa,peach springs,miles east,ground level,havasupai,arizona
Visperterminen (Walser German: Tärbinu) is a municipality in the district of Visp in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.	walser german,visperterminen,visp,valais,tärbinu,switzerland,municipality,district,canton
The Tomb of Zechariah is an ancient stone monument adjacent to the Tomb of Benei Hezir that is considered in Jewish tradition to be the tomb of Zechariah ben Jehoiada.	ancient stone monument adjacent,zechariah ben jehoiada,jewish tradition,benei hezir,zechariah,tomb,considered
Igor Vladimirovich Zagoruiko (Игорь Владимирович Загоруико, родился в 1971, Казахстан, СССР, в городе Кентау.	игорь владимирович загоруико,в городе кентау,igor vladimirovich zagoruiko,ссср,казахстан
Hieronymus Dungersheim or Dungersheym von Ochsenfart(1465, Ochsenfurt – 1540) was a German Catholic theologian and controversialist (skeptic).	german catholic theologian,dungersheym von ochsenfart,skeptic ).,hieronymus dungersheim,controversialist
National College, formerly National College of Business & Technology and also formerly National Business College, is a college operating in the southeastern and east-central United States.	also formerly national business college,formerly national college,central united states,national college,college operating,business,technology,southeastern,east
DragonFly was a prototype suborbital rocket-powered test vehicle for a propulsively-landed version of the SpaceX Dragon space capsule.	spacex dragon space capsule,prototype suborbital rocket,powered test vehicle,landed version,propulsively,dragonfly
Music for People in Trouble is the fifth studio album by Norwegian singer-songwriter Susanne Sundfør, released on 8 September 2017 through Bella Union.	songwriter susanne sundfør,fifth studio album,norwegian singer,bella union,trouble,released,people,music
The Institute for Environmental and Technology Law (German: Institut für Umwelt- und Technikrecht (IUTR)), established in 1989, is a central academic institution of the University of Trier.	iutr )), established,institut für umwelt,central academic institution,und technikrecht,technology law,university,trier,institute,german,environmental
Portland State College of Liberal Arts and Sciences is a part of Portland State University  in Portland, Oregon, United States.	portland state university,portland state college,united states,liberal arts,portland,sciences,part,oregon
Salehabad (Persian: صالح اباد‎, also Romanized as Şāleḩābād) is a village in Goli Jan Rural District, in the Central District of Tonekabon County, Mazandaran Province, Iran.	صالح اباد ‎, also romanized,goli jan rural district,central district,tonekabon county,mazandaran province,şāleḩābād,village,salehabad,persian,iran
Glyn Cannon is a British playwright.	glyn cannon,british playwright
The Tecopa Hills are a mountain range of the Mojave Desert in extreme eastern Inyo County, California.They are east of lower Death Valley and the Amargosa Range, near the Amargosa River and Tecopa, California	extreme eastern inyo county,lower death valley,mountain range,mojave desert,amargosa river,amargosa range,tecopa hills,tecopa,near,east,california
She's Come Undone is a 1992 novel by Wally Lamb which was widely read after being chosen as an Oprah's Book Club selection in December 1996.	book club selection,widely read,wally lamb,come undone,oprah,chosen
Walter Harrison Blodgett (November 2, 1850 – January 6, 1923) was an American politician who served as the 33rd Mayor of Worcester, Massachusetts from 1904 to 1905.	walter harrison blodgett,american politician,worcester,served,massachusetts,1905
Avelino Arredondo was a Uruguayan assassin.	uruguayan assassin,avelino arredondo
Bonnevent-Velloreille is a commune in the Haute-Saône department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in eastern France.	saône department,eastern france,velloreille,region,haute,franche,comté,commune,bourgogne,bonnevent
Chewacla State Park is a publicly owned recreation area in Auburn, Lee County, Alabama, occupying 696 acres (282 ha) to the south of Interstate 85.	publicly owned recreation area,chewacla state park,lee county,282 ha,south,auburn,alabama
Freeland is a surname.	surname,freeland
Jordan Anderson (born April 15, 1991) is an American professional stock car racing driver and team owner.	american professional stock car racing driver,team owner,jordan anderson
Kiebingen is a suburban district of Rottenburg am Neckar in the administrative district of Tübingen in Baden-Württemberg (Germany).	suburban district,germany ).,administrative district,württemberg,tübingen,rottenburg,neckar,kiebingen,baden
Luis de Briceño (also Briçeño, Brizeño; fl.	luis de briceño,also briçeño,fl,brizeño
Wang Ziling (born 14 February 1972) is a Chinese former volleyball player who competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.	chinese former volleyball player,1996 summer olympics,wang ziling,competed
Cunningham House is a historic home located at Glens Falls, Warren County, New York.	historic home located,warren county,new york,glens falls,cunningham house
Henry J. Prusoff (nicknamed "the Russian Bear"; December 10, 1912 – May 1943) was a top-ranked American tennis player in both singles and doubles in the 1930s.	ranked american tennis player,henry j,top,singles,prusoff,nicknamed,doubles
Jorge Noceda Sánchez (6 September 1925 – 11 March 1987) was a diplomat and painter from the Dominican Republic whose work has been collected by museums throughout the world.	dominican republic whose work,jorge noceda sánchez,museums throughout,world,painter,diplomat,collected
Tenor Gladness, is an album by saxophonists Lew Tabackin and Warne Marsh recorded in 1976 and originally released on the Japanese Disco Mate label before being released in the U. S. on Inner City Records.	japanese disco mate label,warne marsh recorded,saxophonists lew tabackin,inner city records,tenor gladness,originally released,released,u,album
The XRCO Hall of Fame lists some of the most notable adult entertainment works and workers.	notable adult entertainment works,xrco hall,fame lists,workers
The 1885 Cincinnati football team represented the University of Cincinnati in the first season played under the school name.	first season played,school name,cincinnati,university
The Mehdiabad mine is one of the largest lead and zinc mines in Iran.	zinc mines,mehdiabad mine,largest lead,one,iran
The desert fungi are a variety of terricolous fungi inhabiting the biological soil crust of arid regions.	biological soil crust,terricolous fungi inhabiting,desert fungi,arid regions,variety
Humphreys County is a county located in the U.S. state of Mississippi.	humphreys county,county located,u,state,mississippi
Baldersheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.	rhin department,eastern france,north,haut,commune,baldersheim,alsace
Ryan Guldemond (born c.	ryan guldemond,born c
Sir Samuel Osborne-Gibbes, Second Baronet (27 August 1803 – 12 November 1874) was a British Army officer, Freemason, plantation owner and politician.	sir samuel osborne,british army officer,second baronet,plantation owner,politician,gibbes,freemason
The Bläck Fööss are a music group from Cologne, Germany, started in 1970.	music group,bläck fööss,started,germany,cologne
The 2011–12 Aviva Premiership was the 25th season of the top flight of the English domestic rugby union competitions and the second to be sponsored by Aviva.	english domestic rugby union competitions,top flight,aviva,sponsored,second
Ad dil` is a village in western central Yemen.	western central yemen,ad dil,village
Before the Bell is a morning business news talk show aired weekdays from 5:30 to 6AM ET on CNBC until c.	morning business news talk show aired weekdays,cnbc,c,bell,30
Kevin M. Burke (born December 7, 1946 in Somerville, Massachusetts) is an American attorney and politician who served as Massachusetts Secretary of Public Safety from 2007 to 2010,
Essex County District Attorney from 1979 to 2003, and as the representative from the 4th Essex District in the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1977 to 1979.	essex county district attorney,born december 7,american attorney,public safety,massachusetts secretary,massachusetts house,massachusetts,somerville,served,representatives,representative,politician,kevin,burke,2007,1979,1946
Jules Randrianarivelo (born 28 November 1956) is a Malagasy long-distance runner.	malagasy long,jules randrianarivelo,distance runner
Francesco Mancini (born June 21, 1990 in Rome, Italy) is an Italian footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Milazzo.	italian footballer,francesco mancini,currently plays,rome,milazzo,midfielder,italy
Nicholas Kenneth Alston  (born 1952) was the Conservative Essex Police and Crime Commissioner.	nicholas kenneth alston,conservative essex police,crime commissioner
The 2000–01 season was Liverpool's 109th season of football since they were established.	109th season,football since,liverpool,established
Weird SoundCloud, or SoundClown, is a mashup parody music scene taking place on the German online distribution platform SoundCloud.	mashup parody music scene taking place,german online distribution platform soundcloud,weird soundcloud,soundclown
Algeria–Turkey relations are foreign relations between Algeria and Turkey.	algeria – turkey relations,foreign relations,turkey,algeria
Thomas Martin Batiuk  (born March 14, 1947) is an American comic strip creator, best known for his long-running newspaper strip Funky Winkerbean.	running newspaper strip funky winkerbean,american comic strip creator,thomas martin batiuk,best known,long
Messnerin (German: Meßnerin) is a mountain in the Hochschwab Mountains in Styria, Austria, with a height of 1835 m above sea level.	sea level,hochschwab mountains,styria,mountain,meßnerin,messnerin,height,german,austria
The dose-fractionation theorem is a statement that says the total dose required to achieve statistical significance for each voxel of a computed 3D reconstruction is the same as that required to obtain a single 2D image of that isolated voxel at the same level of statistical significance.	computed 3d reconstruction,achieve statistical significance,total dose required,statistical significance,fractionation theorem,isolated voxel,required,dose,voxel,statement,says,obtain,level
Arya Samaj (Sanskrit ārya samāja आर्य समाज "Arya Society")  is a Hindu reform movement in Mauritius.	sanskrit ārya samāja आर ् य सम ा ज,hindu reform movement,arya society "),arya samaj,mauritius
Kamakura Women's University (鎌倉女子大学, Kamakura joshi daigaku) is a private women's college in Kamakura, Kanagawa Prefecture, Japan.	kamakura joshi daigaku,private women,kanagawa prefecture,kamakura women,kamakura,鎌倉女子大学,university,japan,college
The F16C (previously/informally known as CVT16) instruction set is an x86 instruction set architecture extension which provides support for converting between half-precision and standard IEEE single-precision floating-point formats.	standard ieee single,instruction set,provides support,point formats,informally known,precision floating,precision,previously,half,cvt16,converting
Scolopendra cataracta (waterfall centipede) is a species of centipede in the family Scolopendridae.	scolopendra cataracta,family scolopendridae,waterfall centipede,centipede,species
Parvaneh Amir-Afshari (Persian: پروانه امير افشاری‎; born March 17, 1944), also known by her stage name Homeyra (Persian: حميرا‎), is an Iranian singer.	1944 ), also known,stage name homeyra,حميرا ‎),,parvaneh amir,iranian singer,persian,afshari
At the 1896 Summer Olympics, three fencing events were contested at the Zappeion.	three fencing events,zappeion,contested
The Mini Beachcomber is a concept car presented by Mini at the 2010 North American International Auto Show as a preview of the Countryman crossover.	concept car presented,countryman crossover,mini beachcomber,mini,preview
John Silver was a war pigeon active with the United States Army in World War I.   He served with distinction during World War I. He was knocked out of the air twice by cannon flak, but he got back up both times and completed his mission.	united states army,war pigeon active,world war,john silver,got back,cannon flak,air twice,times,served,mission,knocked,distinction,completed
Trachyderes succinctus is a species of beetle in the Cerambycidae family.	trachyderes succinctus,cerambycidae family,species,beetle
Diepold Georg Heinrich Freiherr von Lüttwitz (6 December 1896 – 9 October 1969) was a Prussian Junker, Olympic equestrian, and German officer who served in both World Wars, retiring as a General der Panzertruppe.	diepold georg heinrich freiherr von lüttwitz,general der panzertruppe,world wars,prussian junker,olympic equestrian,german officer,served,retiring
SkyKing Limited was a scheduled passenger airline based on the Turks and Caicos Islands.	scheduled passenger airline based,skyking limited,caicos islands,turks
"Dorobucci" is a song by The Mavins, a collective composed of Don Jazzy, Tiwa Savage, Dr SID, Reekado Banks, Korede Bello, Di'Ja and D'Prince.	tiwa savage,reekado banks,korede bello,dr sid,collective composed,song,prince,mavins,jazzy,ja,dorobucci,di
Two male athletes from Chile competed at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, United States.	two male athletes,united states,chile competed,atlanta
The Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) is an agency within the United States Department of Defense (DoD) and is the official Combat Support Agency for countering weapons of mass destruction (chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and high explosives).	official combat support agency,defense threat reduction agency,united states department,high explosives ).,agency within,mass destruction,countering weapons,defense,radiological,nuclear,dtra,dod,chemical,biological
The UK R&B Chart is a weekly chart that ranks the 40 biggest-selling singles and albums that are classified in the R&B genre in the United Kingdom.	weekly chart,united kingdom,selling singles,b genre,b chart,uk r,r,ranks,classified,albums
Herman is a town in Dodge County, Wisconsin, United States.	united states,dodge county,wisconsin,town,herman
Arthur George Henfrey (19 December 1867 – 17 October 1929) was an English footballer who made five appearances for England between 1891 and 1896 playing initially as a forward and later as a half back.	made five appearances,arthur george henfrey,half back,english footballer,later,forward,england
The 1937 Social Credit backbenchers' revolt took place from March to June 1937 in the Canadian province of Alberta.	revolt took place,canadian province,march,alberta
Miss America 2015, the 88th Miss America pageant, was held at the Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City, New Jersey on Sunday, September 14, 2014.	miss america 2015,new jersey,boardwalk hall,atlantic city,sunday,held
Kommata (Greek: τὰ Κόμματα) was a historical region and administrative unit of the Byzantine Empire in southern Galatia (central Anatolia), in modern Turkey.	central anatolia ),,τὰ κόμματα,southern galatia,modern turkey,historical region,byzantine empire,administrative unit,kommata,greek
"To Protect and Serve Man" is the 11th episode of the supernatural drama television series Grimm of season 2 and the 33rd overall, which premiered on November 9, 2012, on the cable network NBC. The episode was written by Dan E. Fesman, and was directed by Omar Madha.	supernatural drama television series grimm,cable network nbc,serve man,omar madha,dan e,11th episode,episode,written,protect,premiered,fesman,directed
Archidendropsis is a genus of flowering plants in the pea family, Fabaceae.	pea family,flowering plants,genus,fabaceae,archidendropsis
The City of Westminster contains many of the most famous tourist sites in London.	westminster contains many,famous tourist sites,london,city
Joel Turner and the Modern Day Poets with the Beatbox Alliance is a DVD released by Australian hip hop musician Joel Turner.	australian hip hop musician joel turner,modern day poets,joel turner,dvd released,beatbox alliance
Rohit Roy is an Indian television star, known for his role in Hindi television serials such as Des Mein Niklla Hoga Chand and Swabhimaan.	des mein niklla hoga chand,indian television star,hindi television serials,rohit roy,swabhimaan,role,known
Stara Huta [ˈstara ˈxuta] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Wola Mysłowska, within Łuków County, Lublin Voivodeship, in eastern Poland.	within łuków county,gmina wola mysłowska,ˈstara ˈxuta,stara huta,lublin voivodeship,eastern poland,administrative district,village
Broadview University, formerly Utah Career College, is a university providing specialized career training for health science, business, legal science, information technology and entertainment arts.	university providing specialized career training,formerly utah career college,broadview university,legal science,information technology,health science,entertainment arts,business
Toppen af Poppen is a Danish reality television series broadcast on Danish television station TV 2 as part of The Best Singers series and is based on the Dutch series De beste zangers van Nederland.	dutch series de beste zangers van nederland,danish reality television series broadcast,best singers series,toppen af poppen,part,based
Jon Coghill (born 26 August 1971) is an Australian drummer best known for his work with Australian rock band, Powderfinger, although he has also toured with Regurgitator.	australian drummer best known,australian rock band,jon coghill,also toured,work,regurgitator,powderfinger,although
Gordon Cheung (born 1975) is a contemporary artist whose work  takes the mood of the global collapse of civilization where moral, economic, and environmental crises have spun out of control.	contemporary artist whose work takes,gordon cheung,global collapse,environmental crises,spun,moral,mood,economic,control,civilization
The 30th Street Station District, also referred to as the 30th Street District, is a proposed urban development located in West Philadelphia in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States.	proposed urban development located,30th street district,united states,also referred,west philadelphia,philadelphia,pennsylvania
Dark Matters: Twisted But True was a television series featured on the Science Channel.	television series featured,science channel,dark matters,twisted,true
A Halkett boat is a type of lightweight inflatable boat designed by Lt Peter Halkett (1820–1885) during the 1840s.	lightweight inflatable boat designed,lt peter halkett,halkett boat,type
Java Pacific Film (alternatively, Java Pasific Film) was a short-lived film production company that helped make significant contributions to Indonesian cinema in the 1930s.	helped make significant contributions,lived film production company,java pasific film,java pacific film,indonesian cinema,short,alternatively
Netflix is an American global on-demand Internet streaming media provider, that has distributed a number of original programs, including original series, specials, miniseries, and documentaries and films.	demand internet streaming media provider,including original series,original programs,american global,specials,number,netflix,miniseries,films,documentaries,distributed
Anthidium sudanicum is a species of bee in the family Megachilidae, the leaf-cutter, carder, or mason bees.	mason bees,family megachilidae,anthidium sudanicum,species,leaf,cutter,carder,bee
Nelson W. Ward (November 20, 1837 – February 5, 1929) was a United States Army Medal of Honor recipient, honored for his actions while a private in the 11th Pennsylvania Cavalry during the Battle of Staunton River Bridge of the American Civil War.	united states army medal,staunton river bridge,american civil war,november 20,nelson w,honor recipient,ward,private,honored,battle,actions
Suravjin (Persian: سوراوجين‎, also Romanized as Sūrāvjīn and Sūrāvajīn; also known as Surābak and Sūrāwej) is a village in Ramand-e Jonubi Rural District, Ramand District, Buin Zahra County, Qazvin Province, Iran.	سوراوجين ‎, also romanized,e jonubi rural district,buin zahra county,also known,ramand district,qazvin province,ramand,village,sūrāwej,sūrāvjīn,sūrāvajīn,surābak,suravjin,persian,iran
Rafael Duailibe Leitão (born 28 December 1979) is a Brazilian chess player.	rafael duailibe leitão,brazilian chess player
Lasmo plc was a leading British oil and gas exploration and production business.	leading british oil,production business,lasmo plc,gas exploration
Satafi (Latin: Satafensis), was a Roman town in the Roman province of Mauretania Caesariensis, North Africa.	satafensis ),,roman town,roman province,north africa,mauretania caesariensis,satafi,latin
Mad Dog Knives is a custom  knifemaking facility headed by Kevin McClung, a former Senior Materials Scientist at the American Rocket Company, Mad Dog Knives is based in Prescott, Arizona.	former senior materials scientist,custom knifemaking facility headed,mad dog knives,american rocket company,kevin mcclung,prescott,based,arizona
One third of Bury Metropolitan Borough Council in Greater Manchester, England is elected each year, followed by one year without election.	bury metropolitan borough council,one year without election,one third,greater manchester,year,followed,england,elected
Sieber is a German surname.	german surname,sieber
Peter Henry Fonda (born February 23, 1940) is an American actor.	peter henry fonda,american actor
The Canadian Museum for Human Rights (CMHR) is a Canadian Crown Corporation and national museum located in Winnipeg, Manitoba, adjacent to The Forks.	national museum located,canadian crown corporation,canadian museum,human rights,winnipeg,manitoba,forks,cmhr,adjacent
The S.A. Hall House is an historic house located at 147 North Main Street in Uxbridge, Massachusetts.	historic house located,hall house,uxbridge,massachusetts
The Varatella (or Varatello) is a 7-kilometre (4.3 mi) stream of Liguria (Italy).	italy ).,varatello,varatella,stream,liguria,kilometre,4
Ruyi Masood Textile Park is an integrated industrial-textile park located in M-3 Industrial Estate in Faisalabad, Punjab province of Pakistan.	ruyi masood textile park,textile park located,integrated industrial,punjab province,pakistan,faisalabad
Roelof Jan "Roeffie" Vermeulen (26 February 1906 in Leeuwarden - 28 June 1963, Leeuwarden) was a sailor from the Netherlands, who represented his native country at the 1928 Summer Olympics in Amsterdam.	26 february 1906,roelof jan,native country,vermeulen,sailor,roeffie,represented,netherlands,leeuwarden,amsterdam
Fran Papasedero (March 21, 1969 – June 19, 2003) was an Arena football player and coach.	arena football player,fran papasedero,coach
Glenn Heights is a city in Dallas and Ellis counties in the U.S. state of Texas.	glenn heights,ellis counties,u,texas,state,dallas,city
The 2019 E3 BinckBank Classic is a road cycling one-day race, scheduled to be held on 29 March 2019 in Belgium.	29 march 2019,road cycling one,day race,scheduled,held,belgium
Kansas State University (KSU), commonly shortened to Kansas State or K-State, is a public research university with its main campus in Manhattan, Kansas, United States.	ksu ), commonly shortened,public research university,kansas state university,united states,main campus,kansas state,state,kansas,manhattan,k
Khaki Jabbar District (Persian: ولسوالی خاک جبار) is a mountainous district situated in the southeastern part of Kabul Province, Afghanistan.	ولسوالی خاک جبار,mountainous district situated,khaki jabbar district,southeastern part,kabul province,persian,afghanistan
Keeseekoose First Nation is a Saulteaux First Nation reserve located in Kamsack, Saskatchewan, Canada.	saulteaux first nation reserve located,keeseekoose first nation,saskatchewan,kamsack,canada
Louisiana Highway 25 (LA 25) is a state highway located in southeastern Louisiana.	state highway located,southeastern louisiana
Ą́, lowercase ą́, is a letter used in the alphabets of Chipewyan, Lithuanian, Omaha–Ponca, Osage, Winnebago, Iñapari, and Navajo.	ą ́, lowercase ą ́,,omaha – ponca,letter used,winnebago,osage,navajo,lithuanian,iñapari,chipewyan,alphabets
Gudrun Pflüger (born 18 August 1972) is a former Austrian mountain runner four-time winner of the World Mountain Running Championships (1992, 1994, 1995, 1996).	former austrian mountain runner four,world mountain running championships,time winner,gudrun pflüger,1995,1992
Michele Banks is an American artist (also known as Artologica) whose work explores themes inspired by science and medicine, including images such as viruses, bacteria, and plant and animal cells.	whose work explores themes inspired,michele banks,including images,animal cells,american artist,also known,viruses,science,plant,medicine,bacteria,artologica
Territory of modern day Croatia is divided between 7 eparchies of the Serbian Orthodox Church.	serbian orthodox church,modern day croatia,territory,divided
ICE 3, or Intercity-Express 3, is a family of high-speed electric multiple unit trains operated by Deutsche Bahn.	speed electric multiple unit trains operated,express 3,deutsche bahn,intercity,high,family
Vangueriopsis shimbaensis is a species of flowering plants in the Rubiaceae family.	vangueriopsis shimbaensis,rubiaceae family,flowering plants,species
Narsipuram is a village located in Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh, 3 km from Parvathipuram.	vizianagaram district,village located,andhra pradesh,parvathipuram,narsipuram
The 1992 congressional elections in Arizona were elections for Arizona's delegation to the United States House of Representatives, which occurred along with congressional elections nationwide on November 8, 1992.	united states house,congressional elections nationwide,occurred along,elections,representatives,delegation,arizona
Samouni Road (Italian: La strada dei Samouni)  is a 2018 Italian documentary film directed by Stefano Savona.	la strada dei samouni,samouni road,stefano savona,italian
Lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights in Malta are of the highest standards, even by comparison to other European countries, according to the United Nations.	united nations,highest standards,european countries,transgender,rights,malta,lgbt,lesbian,gay,even,comparison,bisexual,according
Advanced Mobile Phone Service, Inc.	advanced mobile phone service,inc
Coleophora cecidophorella is a moth of the family Coleophoridae.	family coleophoridae,coleophora cecidophorella,moth
Blabbermouth & Stickybeak is a 1998 Australian live-action film, directed by Julian Kemp, based on the novel by Morris Gleitzman.	morris gleitzman,julian kemp,action film,stickybeak,novel,directed,blabbermouth,based
Slavcho Petrov Shokolarov (Bulgarian: Славчо Петров Шоколаров; born 20 August 1989) is a Bulgarian football player, currently playing as a midfielder for Slavia Sofia.	славчо петров шоколаров,slavcho petrov shokolarov,bulgarian football player,slavia sofia,currently playing,bulgarian,midfielder
Sirop Arslanian actually Serop Arslanian (born 27 November 1966) is a former Lebanese racing cyclist who competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics in the individual road race.	sirop arslanian actually serop arslanian,former lebanese racing cyclist,individual road race,competed
John Galt Solutions is a software company that provides forecasting and supply chain management software solutions.	supply chain management software solutions,john galt solutions,software company,provides forecasting
The Rothaarsteig is a 154.80 km long hiking trail along the crest of the Rothaargebirge mountain range in Germany in the border region between the states of  North Rhine-Westphalia (NW) and Hesse (HE).	rothaargebirge mountain range,north rhine,border region,westphalia,states,rothaarsteig,nw,hesse,germany,crest,).
Reassortment is the mixing of the genetic material of a species into new combinations in different individuals.	new combinations,genetic material,different individuals,species,reassortment,mixing
Kirnach is a river of Bavaria, Germany.	river,kirnach,germany,bavaria
Gillian Rose Langley (born 10 August 1952) is a British scientist and writer who specialises in alternatives to animal testing and animal rights.	gillian rose langley,british scientist,animal testing,animal rights,writer,specialises,alternatives
Dölma Gyari (born 1964) is a Tibetan politician in exile.	tibetan politician,dölma gyari,exile
Kenneth "Ken" James Forbes Scotland (born 29 August 1936) is a Scottish former rugby union player.	scottish former rugby union player,james forbes scotland,kenneth,ken
In statistics, the binary response model with latent variable is constructed as:

  
    
      
        y
        =
        1
        [
        
          y
          
            ∗
          
        
        >
        0
        ]
      
    
    {\displaystyle y=1[y^{*}>0]}
  where 
  
    
      
        
          y
          
            ∗
          
        
        =
        x
        β
        +
        ε
      
    
    {\displaystyle y^{*}=x\beta +\varepsilon }
   and 
  
    
      
        ε
        ∣
        x
        ∼
        G
      
    
    {\displaystyle \varepsilon \mid x\sim G}
   This model can be applied in many economic contexts.	ε ∣ x ∼ g {\ displaystyle,ε {\ displaystyle,many economic contexts,{\ displaystyle,binary response model,beta +\ varepsilon,sim g,x β,mid x,^{*}= x,latent variable,varepsilon,model,∗,statistics,constructed,applied
The GPRS core network is the central part of the general packet radio service (GPRS) which allows 2G, 3G and WCDMA mobile networks to transmit IP packets to external networks such as the Internet.	general packet radio service,transmit ip packets,wcdma mobile networks,gprs core network,external networks,central part,gprs,internet
Skey is a surname.	surname,skey
Acalypha australis, commonly known as Asian copperleaf, is a species of flowering plant in the family Euphorbiaceae native to eastern Asia.	family euphorbiaceae native,flowering plant,eastern asia,commonly known,asian copperleaf,acalypha australis,species
Kang Hye-jung (Korean: 강혜정, born on January 4, 1982) is a South Korean actress, who first achieved recognition for her role in the arthouse film Nabi (2001), and two years later, she rose to stardom in 2003 through Park Chan-wook's revenge thriller Oldboy.	two years later,revenge thriller oldboy,first achieved recognition,arthouse film nabi,south korean actress,park chan,kang hye,2001 ),,korean,강혜정,wook,stardom,rose,role,jung,born,1982
Beatriz Valdés Fidalgo (born May 12, 1963 in Havana) is a Cuban-Venezuelan actress.	beatriz valdés fidalgo,venezuelan actress,havana,cuban
Elinor W. Gadon, is an American cultural historian, Indologist, art historian, and author notable for her examination of women in myth and culture in history.	american cultural historian,art historian,elinor w,author notable,women,myth,indologist,history,gadon,examination,culture
The Panteón Nacional Román Baldorioty de Castro (English: Román Baldorioty de Castro National Pantheon) is a tract of land in Barrio Segundo of the city of Ponce, Puerto Rico, originally designed as the city's cemetery, but later converted into what has come to be a famous burial place.	román baldorioty de castro national pantheon,panteón nacional román baldorioty de castro,famous burial place,puerto rico,originally designed,later converted,barrio segundo,tract,ponce,land,english,come,city,cemetery
Energy in Jordan describes energy and electricity production, consumption and import in Jordan.	jordan describes energy,electricity production,jordan,energy,import,consumption
Gomer (go'-mer) was the wife of the prophet Hosea, mentioned in the Hebrew Bible's Book of Hosea (1:3).	go '- mer,hebrew bible,prophet hosea,hosea,wife,mentioned,gomer,book
Aasbüttel is a municipality in the district of Steinburg, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	steinburg,schleswig,municipality,holstein,germany,district,aasbüttel
Nevada Vander Veer Miller (July 25, 1884 – September 26, 1958) was an American contralto singer.	nevada vander veer miller,american contralto singer,1958
Artane, sometimes spelled Artaine (Irish: Ard Aidhin), historically Tartaine is a northside suburb of Dublin city, Ireland.	ard aidhin ), historically tartaine,sometimes spelled artaine,northside suburb,dublin city,irish,ireland,artane
Tor Books is the primary imprint of Tom Doherty Associates, a publishing company based in New York City.	tom doherty associates,publishing company based,new york city,tor books,primary imprint
The Paideia School of Tampa Bay is a private, classical Christian school serving grades K - 12, located in Tampa, Florida, United States.	classical christian school serving grades k,paideia school,united states,tampa bay,tampa,private,located,florida
Pieminister is a pie making and retail business based in Bristol, South West England.	south west england,retail business based,pie making,pieminister,bristol
Throughout New Zealand there are over 25 different model engineering clubs operating miniature trains but also sometimes cater for model boats, radio controlled cars, etc.	throughout new zealand,radio controlled cars,also sometimes cater,model boats,etc
Christmas Magic is a 2011 American/Canadian television movie starring Lindy Booth and Paul McGillion.	canadian television movie starring lindy booth,paul mcgillion,christmas magic
The Slovechna is a river in Zhytomyr Oblast, Ukraine and Gomel Region, Belarus.	zhytomyr oblast,gomel region,ukraine,slovechna,river,belarus
Minlei Road (Chinese: 民雷路; pinyin: Mínléi Lù) is a station on Line 9 of the Shanghai Metro.	shanghai metro,mínléi lù,minlei road,民雷路,station,pinyin,chinese
The Directorate of Customs (Icelandic: Tollstjóri) is the national customs service of Iceland.	national customs service,customs,tollstjóri,icelandic,iceland,directorate
Alen Vučkić (born 1 February 1990) is a Slovenian football defender.	slovenian football defender,alen vučkić
Conrad Harvey Sayce (1888–1966) was a British born Australian architect and author.	british born australian architect,conrad harvey sayce,author
Richard Chester Macke is a retired Naval Aviator and admiral in the United States Navy.	united states navy,richard chester macke,retired naval aviator,admiral
At the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo, Norway, the six alpine skiing events were held from Thursday, 14 February, to Wednesday, 20 February.	six alpine skiing events,20 february,wednesday,thursday,oslo,norway,held
Golovkin's dacha (Russian: Дача Головкина, also known as the Elephant House, Russian: Дом со слонами) is an unorthodox residential mansion ("dacha") designed and constructed by Konstantin Golovkin, a merchant, entrepreneur and self-taught artist, in Samara, Russia during the period 1908-1909.	unorthodox residential mansion (" dacha ") designed,дом со слонами,дача головкина,taught artist,elephant house,dacha,also known,konstantin golovkin,golovkin,self,samara,russian,russia,merchant,entrepreneur,constructed
Girgajny [ɡirˈɡai̯nɨ] (German Gergehnen) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Zalewo, within Iława County, Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship, in northern Poland.	ɡirˈɡai ̯ nɨ,within iława county,northern poland,masurian voivodeship,gmina zalewo,german gergehnen,administrative district,warmian,village,girgajny
The '"Dronagiri"' is a node of Navi Mumbai in Raigad district.	'" dronagiri "',raigad district,navi mumbai,node
Halana (Syriac: ܗܠܢܐ‎, Turkish: Alan; Kurdish: Helane‎) is an Assyrian village located within the district of Semdinli in the Hakkâri Province, Turkey.	assyrian village located within,ܗܠܢܐ ‎, turkish,helane ‎),hakkâri province,turkey,syriac,semdinli,kurdish,halana,district,alan
Waggarandall is a locality in northern Victoria, Australia in the southern area of the local government area of Shire of Moira.	local government area,southern area,northern victoria,waggarandall,shire,moira,locality,australia
Górki-Witowice [ˈɡurki vitɔˈvit͡sɛ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Winnica, within Pułtusk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	ˈɡurki vitɔˈvit ͡ sɛ,within pułtusk county,masovian voivodeship,gmina winnica,central poland,administrative district,witowice,village,górki,east
A J Mintu is a Bangladeshi film director.	bangladeshi film director,j mintu
David García Cubillo (born 6 January 1978 in Madrid) is a Spanish retired footballer who played as a midfielder, and is the manager of Marbella FC.	spanish retired footballer,david garcía cubillo,marbella fc,played,midfielder,manager,madrid
Old Fort High School is a public high school in Old Fort, Ohio.	old fort high school,public high school,old fort,ohio
Penicillium vanbeymae is an anamorph species of fungus in the genus Penicillium.	penicillium vanbeymae,genus penicillium,anamorph species,fungus
The Perijá lichen gecko (Gonatodes lichenosus) is a species of lizard in the Sphaerodactylidae family native to Venezuela.	sphaerodactylidae family native,perijá lichen gecko,gonatodes lichenosus,venezuela,species,lizard
Laz Bistrički ("Laz of Bistrica") is a village in Croatia.	laz bistrički (" laz,bistrica "),village,croatia
Dava is a fictional character in the DC Comics universe.	dc comics universe,fictional character,dava
A generation is "all of the people born and living at about the same time, regarded collectively".	regarded collectively ".,people born,time,living,generation
Day Breaks is the sixth solo studio album by American singer-songwriter Norah Jones, released on October 7, 2016, through Blue Note Records.	sixth solo studio album,songwriter norah jones,blue note records,day breaks,american singer,released
Wema Sepetu (born 28 September 1988) is a Tanzanian actress and beauty contestant who won the Miss Tanzania contest in 2006 Miss Tanzania.	miss tanzania contest,wema sepetu,tanzanian actress,beauty contestant
Industrial Training Institutes (ITI) are post-secondary schools in India constituted under Directorate General of Employment & Training (DGET), Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Union Government to provide training in various trades.	dget ), ministry,industrial training institutes,various trades,union government,skill development,secondary schools,provide training,india constituted,directorate general,training,post,iti,entrepreneurship,employment
Rude Records is an independent record label founded in 1999 and based in Milan, Italy.	independent record label founded,rude records,milan,italy,based
Pterolophia subfasciata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	pterolophia subfasciata,family cerambycidae,species,beetle
Nico-Nicoyé is a Congolese football club based in Pointe-Noire, Republic of the Congo.	congolese football club based,republic,pointe,noire,nicoyé,nico,congo
Areum, also spelled Ah-reum, is a Korean feminine given name.	korean feminine given name,also spelled ah,reum,areum
Francesco Franchini (died 1559) was a Roman Catholic prelate who served as Bishop of Massa Marittima (1556–1559).	roman catholic prelate,massa marittima,francesco franchini,served,bishop
A cyanide is a chemical compound that contains the group C≡N. This group, known as the cyano group, consists of a carbon atom triple-bonded to a nitrogen atom.In inorganic cyanides, the cyanide group is present as the anion CN−.	group c ≡ n,anion cn −.,carbon atom triple,nitrogen atom,cyano group,inorganic cyanides,chemical compound,cyanide group,group,cyanide,present,known,contains,consists,bonded
The following is a list of school districts in Illinois.	school districts,list,illinois,following
Afash is a surname.	surname,afash
Orient was launched in 1814 at Calcutta.	orient,launched,calcutta
Roberto Parra Sandoval (June 29, 1921 – April 21, 1995), also known in Spanish as El tío Roberto (Uncle Roberto), was a Chilean singer-songwriter, guitarist and folklorist, member of the Parra family, many of whose members are famous artists.	1995 ), also known,uncle roberto ),,el tío roberto,roberto parra sandoval,parra family,whose members,famous artists,chilean singer,spanish,songwriter,member,many,guitarist,folklorist
Cyclostrema placens is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Liotiidae.	marine gastropod mollusk,sea snail,family liotiidae,cyclostrema placens,species
Geoffrey Peter "Geoff" Vanderstock (born October 8, 1946 in Chicago, Illinois) (also known as Jeff) is an American track and field athlete primarily known for running hurdles.	field athlete primarily known,also known,running hurdles,geoffrey peter,american track,vanderstock,jeff,illinois,geoff,chicago
Olga Lagrange-Gerlach, née Olga Gerlach, (1 November 1874 in Metz – 20 January 1949 in Munich at age 74) was a German mezzo-soprano.	1 november 1874,née olga gerlach,olga lagrange,german mezzo,gerlach,soprano,munich
Fabio Bencivenga (born January 20, 1976 in Capua) is a retired water polo player from Italy, who represented his native country at three consecutive Summer Olympics, starting in 1996 (Mars, Sol).	three consecutive summer olympics,retired water polo player,sol ).,native country,fabio bencivenga,starting,represented,mars,italy,capua,1976
The Satyashodhak Communist Party (Marathi: सत्यशोधक कम्युनिस्ट पक्ष) is a political party in the state of Maharashtra, India.	सत ् यश ो धक कम ् य ु न ि स ् ट पक ् ष,satyashodhak communist party,political party,state,marathi,maharashtra,india
Noxubee County is a county located in the U.S. state of Mississippi.	noxubee county,county located,u,state,mississippi
Christopher Edward Daly (born August 13, 1972) is a former member of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors.	san francisco board,christopher edward daly,former member,supervisors
Hymnus amoris (Danish: Hymne til Kjærligheden; English: Hymn of Love), for soloists, choir and orchestra, Opus 12, is Carl Nielsen's  earliest choral work.	hymne til kjærligheden,earliest choral work,love ),,hymnus amoris,carl nielsen,soloists,orchestra,hymn,english,danish,choir
Capila phanaeus, the fulvous dawnfly, is a species of hesperid butterfly found in India and Southeast Asia.	hesperid butterfly found,southeast asia,fulvous dawnfly,capila phanaeus,species,india
SSL International plc was a British manufacturer of healthcare products.	ssl international plc,healthcare products,british manufacturer
Ponsan-Soubiran  is a commune in the Gers department in southwestern France.	southwestern france,gers department,soubiran,ponsan,commune
Mohammad Imran Khan (born 15 July 1987) is a Pakistani cricketer, born in Maidan valley of Lower Dir in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.	mohammad imran khan,pakistani cricketer,maidan valley,lower dir,khyber pakhtunkhwa,born
This article lists current estimates of world population, as well as projections of population growth.	article lists current estimates,world population,population growth,well,projections
Walter Masterson (March 13, 1978) is a New York City actor whose first professional role was in L.I.E., which was his first audition.	new york city actor whose first professional role,first audition,walter masterson,e .,,l
Solenn Colléter is a French novelist born in Paris in 1974.	french novelist born,solenn colléter,paris
Qarakolluq (also, Karakëlluk) is a village and municipality in the Ismailli Rayon of Azerbaijan.	ismailli rayon,village,qarakolluq,municipality,karakëlluk,azerbaijan,also
Gas to liquids (GTL) is a refinery process to convert natural gas or other gaseous hydrocarbons into longer-chain hydrocarbons, such as gasoline or diesel fuel.	convert natural gas,refinery process,gaseous hydrocarbons,diesel fuel,chain hydrocarbons,gas,longer,liquids,gtl,gasoline
Château Léoville Barton is a vineyard in the Saint-Julien appellation of the Bordeaux region of France.	château léoville barton,julien appellation,bordeaux region,vineyard,saint,france
Gordon J. "Pete" McCann (1908 – January 18, 2000) was a Canadian Thoroughbred horse trainer.	canadian thoroughbred horse trainer,gordon j,pete,mccann
Álberto González Cespedosa (born 23 July 1996) is a Spanish footballer who plays for Córdoba CF as a goalkeeper.	álberto gonzález cespedosa,spanish footballer,córdoba cf,plays,goalkeeper
Eliyahu Moshe Panigel (1850–1919) was the sephardi chief rabbi of the Ottoman Empire, Palestine and Jerusalem.	sephardi chief rabbi,eliyahu moshe panigel,ottoman empire,palestine,jerusalem
Orgedeuil is a commune in the Charente department in southwestern France.	southwestern france,charente department,orgedeuil,commune
Wola Mrokowska [ˈvɔla mrɔˈkɔfska] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Lesznowola, within Piaseczno County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	within piaseczno county,ˈvɔla mrɔˈkɔfska,wola mrokowska,masovian voivodeship,gmina lesznowola,central poland,administrative district,village,east
Spencer Halpin's Moral Kombat is a 2009 documentary film, directed by Spencer Halpin, an American independent filmmaker.	american independent filmmaker,spencer halpin,moral kombat,directed
Symptosuchus is an extinct genus of goniopholidid mesoeucrocodylian.	goniopholidid mesoeucrocodylian,extinct genus,symptosuchus
Or Yehuda (Hebrew: אוֹר יְהוּדָה, Arabic: أور یهودا‎) is a city in the Tel Aviv District of Gush Dan, Israel.	או ֹ ר י ְ הו ּ ד ָ ה,أور یهودا ‎),tel aviv district,gush dan,yehuda,israel,hebrew,city,arabic
This is a list of all captains of the Richmond Football Club, an Australian rules football club in the Australian Football League.	australian rules football club,richmond football club,australian football league,list,captains
Aham, a concept of Kashmir Shaivism, is defined as the supreme heart (hṛdayam), transcendent Self, supreme I awareness  or infinite consciousness.	hṛdayam ), transcendent self,kashmir shaivism,infinite consciousness,supreme heart,supreme,defined,concept,awareness,aham
Günterfürst is a village in Erbach im Odenwald, Germany.	erbach im odenwald,village,günterfürst,germany
The Centrumcross Surhuisterveen is a cyclo-cross race held in Surhuisterveen, Netherlands.	cross race held,centrumcross surhuisterveen,surhuisterveen,netherlands,cyclo
Chris Searle (born 1 January 1944) is a British educator, poet, anti-racist activist and socialist.	racist activist,chris searle,british educator,socialist,poet,anti
Hauzenberg is a municipality in the district of Passau, in Bavaria, Germany.	passau,municipality,hauzenberg,germany,district,bavaria
Henry I of Lower Bavaria, member of the Wittelsbach dynasty (19 November 1235 – 3 February 1290 in Burghausen) was Duke of Lower Bavaria.	wittelsbach dynasty,lower bavaria,member,henry,duke,burghausen
A bank card is typically a plastic card issued by a bank to its clients that performs one or more of a number of services that relate to giving the client access to funds, either from the client's own bank account, or through a credit account.	plastic card issued,bank card,performs one,credit account,bank account,client access,bank,client,typically,services,relate,number,giving,funds,either,clients
Let There Be Love is a jazz studio album by the regular trio of John Pizzarelli, composed of him, his brother Martin Pizzarelli on double-bass, and pianist Ray Kennedy.	pianist ray kennedy,jazz studio album,brother martin pizzarelli,john pizzarelli,regular trio,love,let,double,composed,bass
Paget Island is an island of the Andaman Islands.	andaman islands,paget island,island
Gmina Juchnowiec Kościelny is a rural gmina (administrative district) in Białystok County, Podlaskie Voivodeship, in north-eastern Poland.	gmina juchnowiec kościelny,rural gmina,podlaskie voivodeship,eastern poland,białystok county,administrative district,north
Hindsight (Carlton LaFroyge), formerly Hindsight Lad, is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.	carlton lafroyge ), formerly hindsight lad,american comic books published,superhero appearing,marvel comics,fictional character,hindsight
The LAK-20 is a Lithuanian Open Class two-seat sailplane produced by Sportinė Aviacija.	lithuanian open class two,seat sailplane produced,sportinė aviacija,lak
Louis Felix Danner Mahoney (born 8 September 1938) is a Gambian-born British actor, based in Hampstead in London.	louis felix danner mahoney,born british actor,london,hampstead,gambian,based
Himerarctia docis is a moth of the family Erebidae.	himerarctia docis,family erebidae,moth
The Preslav Literary School (Bulgarian: Преславска книжовна школа), also known as the Pliska Literary School, was the first literary school in the medieval Bulgarian Empire.	преславска книжовна школа ), also known,preslav literary school,pliska literary school,first literary school,medieval bulgarian empire,bulgarian
The Battle Range is a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia, Canada, located between Incomappleux River and Duncan River south of Battle Brook.	southeastern british columbia,duncan river south,incomappleux river,columbia mountains,selkirk mountains,battle range,battle brook,subrange,located,canada
The Faxi (or Vatnsleysufoss) waterfall is located on the Golden Circle, a popular tourist trail east of Reykjavik.	popular tourist trail east,golden circle,waterfall,vatnsleysufoss,reykjavik,located,faxi
Derbyshire County Cricket Club in 1899 was the cricket season when the English club  Derbyshire had been playing for twenty-eight years.	derbyshire county cricket club,english club derbyshire,cricket season,eight years,twenty,playing
Metrocles (Greek: Μητροκλῆς; fl. c.	μητροκλῆς,metrocles,greek,fl,c
The Night Wanderer: A Native Gothic Novel is a novel by Canadian author Drew Hayden Taylor published by Annick Press in 2007.	canadian author drew hayden taylor published,native gothic novel,night wanderer,annick press,novel
Palmoplantar keratodermas are a heterogeneous group of disorders characterized by abnormal thickening of the palms and soles.	palmoplantar keratodermas,heterogeneous group,disorders characterized,abnormal thickening,soles,palms
Forum Mall also known as Forum Courtyard is a shopping mall in the Bhowanipore area of Kolkata, India.	forum mall also known,shopping mall,forum courtyard,bhowanipore area,kolkata,india
Xanthomonas campestris pv.	xanthomonas campestris pv
The Cadillac SRX is a compact luxury / D-segment crossover SUV that was produced by Cadillac from 2004 to 2016.	segment crossover suv,compact luxury,cadillac srx,cadillac,produced,2004
Yavari is a ship commissioned (along with her sister ship Yapura) by the Peruvian government in 1861 for use on Lake Titicaca.	sister ship yapura,ship commissioned,peruvian government,lake titicaca,yavari,use,along
Guadeloupe Women's National Football Team is the national team of Guadeloupe.	national football team,national team,guadeloupe women,guadeloupe
The Yeywa Hydropower Station (Burmese: ရဲရွာရေအားလျှပ်စစ်ဓာတ်အားပေးစက်ရုံ), located on the Myitnge River, 52 kilometres (32 mi) southeast of Mandalay city, at Yeywa village in Kyaukse Township, Mandalay Region in central Myanmar, is the country's first roller-compacted concrete (RCC) dam, and the site of a 790-megawatt (1,060,000 hp) hydroelectric power plant, the largest in the country.	ရ ဲ ရ ွာ ရ ေ အ ား လ ျှ ပ ် စစ ် ဓ ာ တ ် အ ား ပ ေး စက ် ရ ုံ), located,hydroelectric power plant,yeywa hydropower station,yeywa village,myitnge river,mandalay region,mandalay city,kyaukse township,first roller,compacted concrete,central myanmar,32 mi,southeast,site,rcc,megawatt,largest,dam,country,burmese,1
Frances Victoria Osborne (née Howell; born 18 February 1969) is a British author.	frances victoria osborne,née howell,british author
"That's What I Think"  is a 1993 single by Cyndi Lauper from her album, Hat Full of Stars.	hat full,cyndi lauper,think,stars,album
Harpobittacus australis is an Australian species  of scorpionfly of the family Bittacidae found in the southern states of New South Wales, Victoria, South Australia and Tasmania.	family bittacidae found,new south wales,south australia,southern states,harpobittacus australis,australian species,victoria,tasmania,scorpionfly
Ranarama (also Rana Rama) is a top-down Gauntlet-like action game developed by Graftgold and published by Hewson Consultants in 1987.	like action game developed,also rana rama,hewson consultants,top,ranarama,published,graftgold,gauntlet
KMMS (1450 AM) is a radio station licensed to serve Bozeman, Montana.	radio station licensed,serve bozeman,montana,kmms
Lacewood is a common name for the wood produced from a number of different trees, with mostly a striking appearance of their "lace-wood“, which gets its name from the lacelike pattern: These include:

Allanblackia floribunda, Allanblackia parviflora, West African trees
Cardwellia sublimis, an australian tree
Elaeocarpus bojeri, „bois dentelle“, due to the unique patterns of its flowers
Firmiana papuana, a tree from New Guinea
Grevillea robusta, an east australian tree
Lagetta lagetto, an caribbean tree, lacebark tree, lace tree, „bois dentelle“, the inner bark is formed of reticulated fibres so as to resemble a coarse kind of lace.	west african trees cardwellia sublimis,„ bois dentelle “, due,east australian tree lagetta lagetto,„ bois dentelle “,,new guinea grevillea robusta,australian tree elaeocarpus bojeri,flowers firmiana papuana,wood “,,different trees,lacebark tree,caribbean tree,lace tree,wood produced,unique patterns,striking appearance,reticulated fibres,lacelike pattern,inner bark,coarse kind,allanblackia parviflora,allanblackia floribunda,common name,tree,name,lace,resemble,number,mostly,lacewood,include,gets,formed
The third season of the television drama series Winners & Losers was aired in three parts on the Seven Network in Australia.	television drama series winners,three parts,third season,seven network,losers,australia,aired
Nu Dem ("New Time") is a fortnightly Kurdish language newspaper headquartered in Qamishli, Syria.	nu dem (" new time "),fortnightly kurdish language newspaper headquartered,syria,qamishli
Danish national cycle route 5, known as the Østkystruten (East Coast Route), is the fifth of the 11 Danish National Cycle Routes.	danish national cycle route 5,east coast route ),,østkystruten,known,fifth
Most of the early newspapers in the Persian Gulf region were established in Saudi Arabia.	persian gulf region,saudi arabia,early newspapers,established
The Boston Block, also known as Aalfs Manufacturing Company, is a historic building located in Sioux City, Iowa, United States.	historic building located,aalfs manufacturing company,united states,sioux city,boston block,also known,iowa
Frank Leo "Red" Baughman (March 14, 1878 – December 19, 1958 ) was an American football coach.	american football coach,frank leo,red,baughman
Yousry or Yousri (Arabic: يسري‎) is an Arabic given name and surname.	arabic given name,يسري ‎),arabic,yousry,yousri,surname
Pierre Scheuer (9 November 1872, Schaerbeek – 6 February 1957, Louvain) was a Belgian Jesuit priest, metaphysician and mystic.	belgian jesuit priest,pierre scheuer,mystic,metaphysician,louvain
Mold Rugby Football Club is a rugby union team from the town of Mold, North Wales.	mold rugby football club,rugby union team,north wales,mold,town
La Chambonie is a commune in the Loire department in central France.	loire department,la chambonie,central france,commune
Blatno (German: Platten) is a village and municipality (obec) in Chomutov District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.	ústí nad labem region,czech republic,chomutov district,village,platten,obec,municipality,german,blatno
Emmaste was a rural municipality of the Estonian county of Hiiumaa, located at the south of the island.	rural municipality,estonian county,south,located,island,hiiumaa,emmaste
Hamza Zenevisi or Amos Sarbissa (fl.	hamza zenevisi,amos sarbissa,fl
John McGeever (born February 14, 1939) is a former American football cornerback in the American Football League.	former american football cornerback,american football league,john mcgeever
Robert "Bo" Lyons (born December 15, 1935) is a former American football player and coach.	former american football player,robert,lyons,coach,bo
The Office Of The Governor is the official office of the Governor of Rivers State headquartered at Government House in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, Nigeria.	rivers state headquartered,rivers state,port harcourt,government house,official office,office,nigeria,governor
John Michael Edward Seymour, 19th Duke of Somerset,  (born 30 December 1952), styled Lord Seymour between 1954 and 1984, is a British aristocratic landowner in Wiltshire and Devon, and a member of the House of Lords.	john michael edward seymour,british aristocratic landowner,wiltshire,somerset,member,lords,house,devon,1954
Manuel Revollo Crespo (June 17, 1925 – October 26, 2014) was a Roman Catholic bishop.	roman catholic bishop,manuel revollo crespo,2014
Barkelsby (Danish: Barkelsby) is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	schleswig,rendsburg,municipality,holstein,germany,eckernförde,district,danish,barkelsby
Guillermo Giumelli (born 21 March 1962) is an Argentine alpine skier.	argentine alpine skier,guillermo giumelli
A spurious diphthong (or false diphthong) is an Ancient Greek vowel that is etymologically a long vowel but written exactly like a true diphthong ει, ου (ei, ou).	written exactly like,ancient greek vowel,true diphthong ει,long vowel,spurious diphthong,false diphthong,ou ).,ου,etymologically,ei
Kangpat is a generic reference to two villages, Kangpat Khullen and Kangpat Khunou located south of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India.	kangpat khunou located south,kangpat khullen,two villages,manipur state,generic reference,ukhrul district,kangpat,ukhrul,india
Sela pri Dolenjskih Toplicah (pronounced [ˈseːla pɾi dɔˈleːnskix tɔˈpliːtsax]) is a village southwest of Dolenjske Toplice in the historical region of Lower Carniola in Slovenia.	ˈseːla pɾi dɔˈleːnskix tɔˈpliːtsax ]),sela pri dolenjskih toplicah,village southwest,lower carniola,historical region,dolenjske toplice,slovenia,pronounced
Linda Leavell is an American writer, scholar, and professor.	linda leavell,american writer,scholar,professor
Sonia represented the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 1993,  singing "Better the Devil You Know".	united kingdom,sonia represented,know ".,singing,devil,better
The Gull Wing Group International is a 501(c)(7) Nonprofit organization of 1954 to 1963 Mercedes-Benz 300 SL enthusiasts worldwide officially formed in August 1961 for the purpose of maintenance, preservation, restoration and to provide the opportunity for its members to better become acquainted with the mechanics and handling of the Mercedes Benz 300SL.

Today the Gull Wing Group conducts classic car-related events including, driving tours, an annual Convention with technical sessions and a car show, driver's education, social events, and similar activities around the world.	gull wing group conducts classic car,gull wing group international,similar activities around,better become acquainted,related events including,car show,social events,technical sessions,nonprofit organization,driving tours,annual convention,world,today,restoration,purpose,provide,preservation,opportunity,members,mechanics,maintenance,handling,education,driver,1954
The Battle of Carlow took place in Carlow town, Ireland on 25 May 1798 when Carlow rebels rose in support of the 1798 rebellion which had begun the day before in County Kildare.	carlow took place,carlow rebels rose,carlow town,county kildare,support,ireland,day,begun,battle
The Country Hour is Australia's longest running radio program, established in 1945.	longest running radio program,country hour,established,australia
Wells Chalk Pit is a 4-hectare (9.9-acre) biological and geological Site of Special Scientific Interest on the eastern outskirts of Wells-next-the-Sea in Norfolk.	special scientific interest,wells chalk pit,geological site,eastern outskirts,wells,sea,norfolk,next,hectare,biological,acre,4
Dagalaifus was a pagan of Germanic descent who served as consul in 366.	germanic descent,served,pagan,dagalaifus,consul
The Borough of Newcastle-under-Lyme is a local government district with borough status in Staffordshire, England.	local government district,borough status,borough,staffordshire,newcastle,lyme,england
Jason Lepine (born March 26, 1985) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman.	canadian professional ice hockey defenceman,jason lepine
Fiq is a town in eastern Ethiopia.	eastern ethiopia,town,fiq
Letting You In is the fifth studio album recorded by American singer-songwriter Kris Allen, released through the independent label imprint DogBear Records on March 18, 2016.	independent label imprint dogbear records,fifth studio album recorded,songwriter kris allen,american singer,released,letting
Operário Atlético Clube, commonly known as Operário de Dourados, is a Brazilian football team based in Dourados, Mato Grosso do Sul state.	brazilian football team based,operário atlético clube,operário de dourados,sul state,mato grosso,commonly known,dourados
Cambes-en-Plaine War Cemetery is a Second World War cemetery of Commonwealth soldiers in France, located seven km northwest of Caen, Normandy.	located seven km northwest,second world war cemetery,plaine war cemetery,commonwealth soldiers,normandy,france,en,cambes,caen
"Get It Poppin'" is a song by rapper Fat Joe featuring Nelly released in May 29, 2005.	rapper fat joe featuring nelly released,poppin '",song,get
In mathematics and astrophysics, the Strömgren integral, introduced by Bengt Strömgren (1932, p.123) while computing the Rosseland mean opacity, is the integral:

  
    
      
        
          
            15
            
              4
              
                π
                
                  4
                
              
            
          
        
        
          ∫
          
            0
          
          
            x
          
        
        
          
            
              
                t
                
                  7
                
              
              
                e
                
                  2
                  t
                
              
            
            
              (
              
                e
                
                  t
                
              
              −
              1
              
                )
                
                  3
                
              
            
          
        
        
        d
        t
       .	rosseland mean opacity,− 1,bengt strömgren,strömgren integral,e,integral,p,mathematics,introduced,computing,astrophysics,1932
The Norwegian Football Federation (Norwegian: Norges Fotballforbund; NFF) is the governing body of football in Norway.	norwegian football federation,norges fotballforbund,governing body,norwegian,football,norway,nff
Just a Matter of Duty (German: Die Denunziantin) is a 1993 German drama film directed by Thomas Mitscherlich, about a German war crimes trial following World War II. It was entered into the 43rd Berlin International Film Festival.	german war crimes trial following world war ii,1993 german drama film directed,german,thomas mitscherlich,die denunziantin,matter,entered,duty
Aberangell (Welsh pronunciation) is a village in Gwynedd, Wales.	welsh pronunciation,wales,village,gwynedd,aberangell
Mundamba is a village in Khordha tehsil of Khordha district in Odisha in India.	khordha tehsil,khordha district,village,odisha,mundamba,india
The Concord River is a 16.3-mile-long (26.2 km) tributary of the Merrimack River in eastern Massachusetts in the United States.	united states,merrimack river,eastern massachusetts,concord river,tributary,mile,long,26
Glomerella graminicola ((anamorphic) Colletotrichum graminicola) is a fungus in the teleomorphic phase whose anamorphic phase, Colletotrichum graminicola, causes anthracnose in many cereal species including maize and wheat.	many cereal species including maize,teleomorphic phase whose anamorphic phase,glomerella graminicola (( anamorphic,colletotrichum graminicola,causes anthracnose,wheat,fungus
Radulinopsis is a genus of sculpins native to the northwestern Pacific Ocean.	northwestern pacific ocean,sculpins native,radulinopsis,genus
Wu Hang (Chinese: 吴航; pinyin: Wú Háng; born 1 February 1993 in Cangnan) is a Chinese footballer who currently plays for Jilin Baijia in the China League Two.	china league two,wú háng,wu hang,jilin baijia,currently plays,chinese footballer,chinese,吴航,pinyin,cangnan
Darren Bundock (born 21 March 1971) is an Australian sailor from Gosford, New South Wales.	new south wales,darren bundock,australian sailor,gosford
The convertible peso (sometimes given as CUC$ and informally called a cuc or a chavito) is one of two official currencies in Cuba, the other being the Cuban peso.	two official currencies,sometimes given,informally called,cuban peso,convertible peso,one,cuc,cuba,chavito
Naomi S. Baron is a linguist and professor of linguistics at the Department of Language and Foreign Studies, at American University, in Washington, D.C..	foreign studies,c ..,american university,washington,professor,naomi,linguistics,linguist,language,department,baron
Washington Park is a census-designated place (CDP) in Broward County, Florida, United States.	washington park,united states,designated place,broward county,florida,census,cdp
Yoshimune Sano (born April 30, 1979) is a Japanese former professional basketball player who played for the Akita Northern Happinets of the bj League in Japan.　He played college basketball for Nihon University.	japanese former professional basketball player,played college basketball,akita northern happinets,yoshimune sano,nihon university,bj league,played,japan
Pareutetrapha eximia is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	pareutetrapha eximia,family cerambycidae,species,beetle
Petra Walczewski  (born 27 April 1968) is a road cyclist from Switzerland.	road cyclist,petra walczewski,switzerland
Palakollu Assembly constituency (Constituency No.	palakollu assembly constituency,constituency
The Brotherhood of St Laurence is an Australian not-for-profit organisation that works toward a vision of an Australia free of poverty.	works toward,st laurence,profit organisation,australia free,vision,poverty,brotherhood,australian
Jang Ja-yeon (Hangul: 장자연; 25 January 1980 – 7 March 2009) was a South Korean actress.	south korean actress,jang ja,장자연,yeon,hangul
The fifth season of the American dramatic television series Touched by an Angel aired CBS from September 20, 1998 through May 23, 1999, spanning 27 episodes.	american dramatic television series touched,angel aired cbs,may 23,fifth season,1998
In fly fishing, there are many Japanese Flies that are commonly found within a fisherman's fly box in Japan.	many japanese flies,commonly found within,fly fishing,fly box,japan,fisherman
The Mount Carmel Precinct is largest (in both area and population) of the eight precincts of Wabash County, Illinois.	mount carmel precinct,wabash county,eight precincts,population,largest,illinois,area
The second edition of the Copa América de Ciclismo was held on Sunday, 6 January 2002 in São Paulo, Brazil.	copa américa de ciclismo,são paulo,second edition,sunday,held,brazil
Yvette Cauchois (French pronunciation: [ivɛt koʃwa] (listen); 19 December 1908 – 19 November 1999) was a French physicist known for her contributions to x-ray spectroscopy and x-ray optics, and for pioneering European synchrotron research.	pioneering european synchrotron research,french physicist known,french pronunciation,yvette cauchois,ray spectroscopy,ray optics,ivɛt koʃwa,x,contributions
MSC Danit is a large container ship.	large container ship,msc danit
Gary Earl Johnson (born January 1, 1953) is an American businessman, author, and politician who served as the 29th governor of New Mexico from 1995 to 2003 as a member of the Republican Party.	gary earl johnson,republican party,new mexico,american businessman,served,politician,member,author,1995
Kamal Al-Athari (born 18 July 1959) is a Kuwaiti judoka.	kuwaiti judoka,kamal al,athari
"Acadian Driftwood" is a song by The Band.	acadian driftwood,song,band
Kunminia is a genus of cynodont synapsids from the Early Jurassic (Sinemurian) Lufeng Formation of China.	lufeng formation,early jurassic,cynodont synapsids,sinemurian,kunminia,genus,china
Doraisamy Raja is a politician and the member of Rajya Sabha from Tamil Nadu.	tamil nadu,rajya sabha,doraisamy raja,politician,member
Conrad III (German: Konrad; Italian: Corrado; 1093 – 15 February 1152) was the first King of Germany of the Hohenstaufen dynasty.	hohenstaufen dynasty,first king,conrad iii,konrad,italian,germany,german,corrado
The Borough of Milton Keynes is a unitary authority area and borough of the ceremonial county of Buckinghamshire.	unitary authority area,milton keynes,ceremonial county,buckinghamshire,borough
Ringicella carinatum is a species of air-breathing land snail, a terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk in the subfamily Bulimulinae, in the family Odontostomidae.	terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusk,breathing land snail,subfamily bulimulinae,ringicella carinatum,family odontostomidae,species,air
The Reichsanstalt für Film und Bild in Wissenschaft und Unterricht (English: Reich Institute for Film and Images in Science and the Classroom), before 1940 known as the Reichsstelle für den Unterrichtsfilm (English: Reich Office for Teaching Films) was a branch of the Reich Ministry of Science, Education and Culture which was charged with the creation of educational films during the Third Reich.	reichsanstalt für film und bild,reichsstelle für den unterrichtsfilm,wissenschaft und unterricht,third reich,teaching films,reich office,reich ministry,reich institute,educational films,classroom ),,film,science,images,english,education,culture,creation,charged,branch
Gazeta Wyborcza (Polish pronunciation: [ɡaˈzɛta vɨˈbɔrtʂa]; meaning Electoral Newspaper in English) is a newspaper published in Warsaw, Poland.	ɡaˈzɛta vɨˈbɔrtʂa ]; meaning electoral newspaper,newspaper published,polish pronunciation,gazeta wyborcza,warsaw,poland,english
Sandridge School District 172 is an elementary school district based in the unincorporated southern Chicago suburb of Chicago Heights, Illinois on the Cook County side of boundaries with Will County, Illinois and Lake County, Indiana; Sandridge School District serves students in Chicago Heights and the surrounding communities of Lynwood and Sauk Village.	sandridge school district serves students,elementary school district based,unincorporated southern chicago suburb,cook county side,chicago heights,surrounding communities,sauk village,lake county,county,lynwood,indiana,illinois,boundaries
Tangled Ever After is a 2012 American computer animated short film directed by Nathan Greno and Byron Howard.	tangled ever,nathan greno,byron howard
The following outline is provided as an overview of and topical guide to production:
Production – act of creating 'use' value or 'utility' that can satisfy a want or need.	production – act,topical guide,following outline,production,want,value,utility,use,satisfy,provided,overview,need,creating
Brzoza [ˈbʐɔza] (German: Brzoza) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krotoszyn, within Krotoszyn County, Greater Poland Voivodeship, in west-central Poland.	within krotoszyn county,greater poland voivodeship,gmina krotoszyn,central poland,administrative district,ˈbʐɔza,west,village,german,brzoza
Alfred William Gallagher MBE (17 May 1911 – 8 August 1990) (known as Bill Gallagher) was a New Zealand farmer, inventor, manufacturing engineer, businessman and commercial fisherman.	alfred william gallagher mbe,new zealand farmer,bill gallagher,manufacturing engineer,commercial fisherman,known,inventor,businessman
Çağlayancerit (Kurdish: Cirîd‎) is a town and district of Kahramanmaraş Province in the Mediterranean region of Turkey.	mediterranean region,kahramanmaraş province,cirîd ‎),çağlayancerit,turkey,town,kurdish,district
Yeremes (also, Irimis and Aramis) is a town in the Syunik Province of Armenia.	syunik province,yeremes,town,irimis,armenia,aramis,also
Hood (real name Parker Robbins) is a fictional character, a supervillain, and a crime boss appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics.	real name parker robbins,american comic books published,crime boss appearing,marvel comics,fictional character,supervillain,hood
Cystiscus yasawaensis is a species of very small sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk or micromollusk in the family Cystiscidae.	small sea snail,marine gastropod mollusk,family cystiscidae,cystiscus yasawaensis,species,micromollusk
Joseph Creswell (real name Arthur) (1557 of Yorkshire stock in London – c.	real name arthur,london – c,yorkshire stock,joseph creswell
Zwierzyń [ˈzvʲɛʐɨɲ] (Ukrainian: Звірин, Zviryn) is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Olszanica, within Lesko County, Subcarpathian Voivodeship, in south-eastern Poland.	within lesko county,subcarpathian voivodeship,gmina olszanica,eastern poland,administrative district,звірин,ˈzvʲɛʐɨɲ,zwierzyń,zviryn,village,ukrainian,south
not to be confused with Axixá do Tocantins in Tocantins StateAxixá is a municipality in the state of Maranhão in the Northeast region of Brazil.	northeast region,tocantins stateaxixá,tocantins,state,municipality,maranhão,confused,brazil,axixá
Cinemaware was a computer game developer and publisher that released several popular titles in the 1980s based on various movie themes.	released several popular titles,various movie themes,computer game developer,publisher,cinemaware
Dra is also the abbreviation for the constellation Draco.The Draa (Berber languages: Asif en Dra, ⴰⵙⵉⴼ ⴻⵏ ⴷⵔⴰ, Moroccan Arabic: واد درعة‎, translit.	واد درعة ‎, translit,ⴰⵙⵉⴼ ⴻⵏ ⴷⵔⴰ,asif en dra,moroccan arabic,constellation draco,berber languages,dra,draa,also,abbreviation
Rambler is a brand of cigarettes, currently owned and manufactured by House of Prince, a subsidiary of British American Tobacco.	british american tobacco,currently owned,subsidiary,rambler,prince,manufactured,house,cigarettes,brand
Chelford Manor House stands to the southeast of the village of Chelford, Cheshire, England.	chelford manor house stands,chelford,village,southeast,england,cheshire
Balkavi Bairagi (10 February 1931 – 13 May 2018) was an Indian  poet and politician from the Indian National Congress party.	indian national congress party,indian poet,balkavi bairagi,politician
The 2006 Montana Grizzlies football team represented the University of Montana in the 2006 NCAA Division I FCS football season.	fcs football season,montana,university
Cursores is the plural of the Latin Cursor, 'runner'.	runner '.,latin cursor,plural,cursores
The hybrid elm cultivar Ulmus × intermedia 'Coolshade' is an American hybrid cultivar cloned from a crossing of the Slippery, or Red, Elm Ulmus rubra (female parent) and the Siberian Elm Ulmus pumila at the Sarcoxie Nurseries, Sarcoxie, Missouri, in 1946.	hybrid elm cultivar ulmus × intermedia,american hybrid cultivar cloned,siberian elm ulmus pumila,elm ulmus rubra,female parent,sarcoxie nurseries,sarcoxie,slippery,red,missouri,crossing,coolshade
Ellesmere Island (Inuit: Umingmak Nuna, meaning "land of muskoxen"; French: Île d'Ellesmere) is part of the Qikiqtaaluk Region in the Canadian territory of Nunavut.	muskoxen "; french,umingmak nuna,qikiqtaaluk region,canadian territory,ellesmere island,ellesmere,île,part,nunavut,meaning,land,inuit
Edgar Cardoso  (11 May 1913, Resende – 5 July 2000, Porto) was a noted Portuguese civil engineer and university professor.	noted portuguese civil engineer,university professor,edgar cardoso,porto
CNH Industrial N.V. is one of the world's largest capital goods companies, registered in the Netherlands with corporate offices in London.	largest capital goods companies,cnh industrial n,corporate offices,world,v,registered,one,netherlands,london
John Keats (; 31 October 1795 – 23 February 1821) was an English Romantic poet.	english romantic poet
Palgeo (NAQS–KOSTAT) Station is a station of the Daegu Metro Line 3 in Dongcheon-dong, Buk District, Daegu, South Korea.	naqs – kostat,south korea,buk district,daegu,station,palgeo,dongcheon,dong
Wiesbaden (German pronunciation: [ˈviːsˌbaːdn̩] (listen)) is a city in central western Germany and the capital of the federal state of Hesse.	central western germany,ˈviːsˌbaːdn ̩],listen )),german pronunciation,federal state,wiesbaden,hesse,city,capital
Ken W. Kelly (born May 19, 1946, New London, Connecticut, United States) is an American fantasy artist.	american fantasy artist,united states,new london,ken w,kelly,connecticut
Shpresa is an Albanian female name, with the meaning "hope" (shpresë).	albanian female name,shpresë ).,shpresa,meaning,hope
Minier is a French surname.	french surname,minier
Wittus Witt (born 1949)  is a German magician, author and publisher.	wittus witt,german magician,publisher,author
Nasirabad (Persian: نصيراباد‎, also Romanized as Naşīrābād; also known as Naşrābād) is a village in Saadatabad Rural District, Pariz District, Sirjan County, Kerman Province, Iran.	نصيراباد ‎, also romanized,saadatabad rural district,also known,pariz district,sirjan county,kerman province,village,persian,naşīrābād,naşrābād,nasirabad,iran
São João da Urtiga is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.	são joão da urtiga,rio grande,sul,state,municipality,brazil
Dulan County (Mongolian:ᠳᠤᠯᠠᠭᠠᠨ ᠰᠢᠶᠠᠨ ; Tibetan: ཏུའུ་ལན་རྫོང་; Chinese: 都兰县) is a county of east-central Qinghai province, China.	ཏ ུ འ ུ་ ལན ་ ར ྫོ ང ་; chinese,central qinghai province,ᠳᠤᠯᠠᠭᠠᠨ ᠰᠢᠶᠠᠨ,dulan county,county,都兰县,tibetan,mongolian,east,china
Rubem Berta International Airport (IATA: URG, ICAO: SBUG) is the airport serving Uruguaiana, Brazil.	rubem berta international airport,airport serving uruguaiana,urg,sbug,icao,iata,brazil
Nousseviller-lès-Bitche (German: Nussweiler bei Bitsch, Lorraine Franconian: Nusswiller) is a commune in the Moselle department of the Grand Est administrative region in north-eastern France.	grand est administrative region,nussweiler bei bitsch,moselle department,lorraine franconian,eastern france,nusswiller,nousseviller,north,lès,german,commune,bitche
Kristin Lynne Haynie (born June 17, 1983) is an American former basketball player in the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA) and current assistant coach at Central Michigan University.	american former basketball player,national basketball association,kristin lynne haynie,current assistant coach,central michigan university,women,wnba
The Rotuaari is a pedestrian zone in the Pokkinen district in Oulu, Finland.	pokkinen district,pedestrian zone,rotuaari,oulu,finland
Veliki Radinci (Serbian Cyrillic: Велики Радинци) is a village in Serbia.	велики радинци,veliki radinci,serbian cyrillic,village,serbia
The Orlando Predators are a professional indoor football team based in Orlando, Florida, as an expansion team the National Arena League for 2019.	professional indoor football team based,national arena league,expansion team,orlando predators,orlando,florida
J'aime Crandall (born 28 April 1982) is an American  ballet dancer.	american ballet dancer,aime crandall,j
Manuel Queiróz (born 1883) was a Portuguese fencer.	portuguese fencer,manuel queiróz
In sport, a huddle is an action of a team gathering together, usually in a tight circle, to strategize, motivate or celebrate.	team gathering together,tight circle,usually,strategize,sport,motivate,huddle,celebrate,action
Michael J. Tougias is a writer who was born in Longmeadow, Massachusetts in 1955.	michael j,writer,tougias,massachusetts,longmeadow,born
The Battle of Grodno took place between 21 September and 24 September 1939, during the Soviet invasion of Poland.	grodno took place,21 september,soviet invasion,poland,battle
Doğan Özdenak (born 1 January 1954) is a Turkish former footballer who played as a goalkeeper.	turkish former footballer,doğan özdenak,played,goalkeeper
The New Alliance (French: Nouvelle Alliance) was a political alliance in Benin.	political alliance,nouvelle alliance,new alliance,french,benin
William James "Will" Durant (; November 5, 1885 – November 7, 1981) was an American writer, historian, and philosopher.	1885 – november 7,william james,american writer,philosopher,historian
Ferik was a military rank of the Ottoman Army.	ottoman army,military rank,ferik
WKNL (100.9 FM, "100.9 K-Hits") is a radio station licensed to serve New London, Connecticut.	serve new london,radio station licensed,hits "),9 fm,wknl,connecticut
Patiala Babes is an Indian drama television series starring Paridhi Sharma and Ashnoor Kaur.	indian drama television series starring paridhi sharma,patiala babes,ashnoor kaur
Gary Gerstle, FBA is an American historian and academic.	gary gerstle,american historian,fba,academic
William Wellesley-Pole, 3rd Earl of Mornington  (20 May 1763 – 22 February 1845), known as Lord Maryborough between 1821 and 1842, was an Anglo-Irish politician and an elder brother of the Duke of Wellington.	william wellesley,lord maryborough,irish politician,elder brother,wellington,pole,mornington,duke,anglo,1821
Piaseczno [pjaˈsɛt͡ʂnɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Cegłów, within Mińsk County, Masovian Voivodeship, in east-central Poland.	within mińsk county,pjaˈsɛt ͡ ʂnɔ,masovian voivodeship,gmina cegłów,central poland,administrative district,village,piaseczno,east
Kyra Tirana Barry (born 1966) is the Team Leader for United States Women's National wrestling team.	united states women,kyra tirana barry,national wrestling team,team leader
Luísa Margarida de Barros Portugal (13 April 1816 – January 1891), later Countess of Barral, was a Brazilian noble, preceptor of Brazilian princesses Isabel and Leopoldina, rumored to be the major love interest of Pedro II of Brazil and later part of Louis Philippe I of France's court.	luísa margarida de barros portugal,major love interest,brazilian princesses isabel,later part,brazilian noble,pedro ii,louis philippe,rumored,preceptor,leopoldina,france,court,brazil,barral
The Open Christmas Letter was a public message for peace addressed "To the Women of Germany and Austria", signed by a group of 101 British suffragists at the end of 1914 as the first Christmas of the First World War approached.	first world war approached,austria ", signed,open christmas letter,first christmas,public message,peace addressed,women,group,germany,end
Galore: The Singles 1987–1997 is the second singles compilation by The Cure.	second singles compilation,galore,cure
Eko Eko Azarak (Japanese: エコエコアザラク, Hepburn: Eko Eko Azaraku) is a Japanese horror manga series by Shinichi Koga.	japanese horror manga series,eko eko azaraku,eko eko azarak,shinichi koga,japanese,エコエコアザラク,hepburn
Carex oligosperma, common name fewseed sedge, few-seeded sedge, and few-fruited sedge, is a perennial plant in the Carex genus.	common name fewseed sedge,seeded sedge,fruited sedge,perennial plant,carex oligosperma,carex genus
The Historic Automobile Group International (HAGI) is a London-based research organization in the area of rare historic motorcars and collectors’ automobiles.	historic automobile group international,rare historic motorcars,collectors ’ automobiles,based research organization,london,hagi,area
Mo'orea (English:   or ; Tahitian: /moʔore(ʔ)a/) is a high island in French Polynesia, one of the Windward Islands, part of the Society Islands, 17 kilometres (11 mi) northwest of Tahiti.	windward islands,society islands,high island,french polynesia,11 mi,ʔ,tahitian,tahiti,part,orea,one,northwest,moʔore,mo,english,/)
The Siamese coup d'état of 1947 (Thai: รัฐประหาร 8 พฤศจิกายน พ.ศ.	siamese coup,ศ,état,thai
A Special Day (Italian: Una giornata particolare) is a 1977 Italian drama film directed by Ettore Scola and starring Sophia Loren, Marcello Mastroianni and John Vernon.	una giornata particolare,starring sophia loren,special day,marcello mastroianni,john vernon,ettore scola,italian
A Wheatfield with Cypresses is any of three similar 1889 oil paintings by Vincent van Gogh, as part of his wheat field series.	wheat field series,vincent van gogh,wheatfield,part,cypresses
Sandiacre Town Cricket Club is an amateur cricket club based in Sandiacre, Derbyshire, England.	amateur cricket club based,sandiacre town cricket club,sandiacre,england,derbyshire
Missing Links Volume Two is a compilation album of rare and previously unreleased songs by the Monkees, issued by Rhino Records in 1990.	missing links volume two,previously unreleased songs,rhino records,compilation album,rare,monkees,issued
In ultrafast optics, spectral phase interferometry for direct electric-field reconstruction (SPIDER) is an ultrashort pulse measurement technique originally developed by Chris Iaconis and Ian Walmsley.	ultrashort pulse measurement technique originally developed,spectral phase interferometry,ultrafast optics,ian walmsley,field reconstruction,direct electric,chris iaconis,spider
Semisulcospira multigranosa is a species of freshwater snail with an operculum, an aquatic gastropod mollusk in the family Semisulcospiridae.	aquatic gastropod mollusk,semisulcospira multigranosa,freshwater snail,family semisulcospiridae,species,operculum
Claim Jumper Restaurant and Saloon is an American restaurant chain with more than 30 locations.	claim jumper restaurant,american restaurant chain,saloon
Saparmamed Nepeskuliev is a freelance journalist who has contributed to Alternative Turkmenistan News, a human rights group based in The Netherlands, and Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, a U.S.-sponsored independent media organization under the Broadcasting Board of Governors.	.- sponsored independent media organization,human rights group based,alternative turkmenistan news,radio free europe,radio liberty,saparmamed nepeskuliev,freelance journalist,broadcasting board,u,netherlands,governors,contributed
Protocadherin alpha-3 is a protein that in humans is encoded by the PCDHA3 gene.This gene is a member of the protocadherin alpha gene cluster, one of three related gene clusters tandemly linked on chromosome five that demonstrate an unusual genomic organization similar to that of B-cell and T-cell receptor gene clusters.	three related gene clusters tandemly linked,unusual genomic organization similar,cell receptor gene clusters,protocadherin alpha gene cluster,protocadherin alpha,chromosome five,gene,cell,protein,one,member,humans,encoded,demonstrate,b
Cedar Ridge is a census-designated place (CDP) in Tuolumne County, California.	tuolumne county,designated place,cedar ridge,census,cdp,california
The Field hockey events at the 1974 Asian Games were held in Tehran, Iran between 6 September and 15 September 1974.	field hockey events,15 september 1974,tehran,iran,held
Shovayye Atij (Persian: شويع عتيج‎, also Romanized as Shovayye‘ ‘Atīj) is a village in Hoseynabad Rural District, in the Central District of Shush County, Khuzestan Province, Iran.	شويع عتيج ‎, also romanized,shovayye ‘ ‘ atīj,hoseynabad rural district,shovayye atij,central district,shush county,khuzestan province,village,persian,iran
Griffin House is a house built in 1827 by Englishmen in Ancaster.	house built,griffin house,englishmen,ancaster
Annabel Soutar (born 1971) is an award-winning Canadian playwright who specializes in documentary theater.Annabel Soutar was born in Westmount, Montreal, Quebec, to Ian Alexander Soutar, an investment banker and philanthropist, and Helgi Soutar.	winning canadian playwright,ian alexander soutar,helgi soutar,annabel soutar,investment banker,documentary theater,born,westmount,specializes,quebec,philanthropist,montreal,award
Tadashi Abe (阿部 肇, Abe Tadashi, born 29 January 1963) is a Japanese rower.	阿部 肇,tadashi abe,japanese rower,abe tadashi
Songok is a surname of Kenyan origin that may refer to:	may refer,kenyan origin,surname,songok
A ski resort is a resort developed for skiing, snowboarding, and other winter sports.	winter sports,ski resort,resort developed,snowboarding,skiing
State Route 163 (SR 163), also known as the Cabrillo Freeway, is a state highway in San Diego, California.	state route 163,state highway,san diego,cabrillo freeway,california
Żabiniec [ʐaˈbiɲet͡s] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Topólka, within Radziejów County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	within radziejów county,ʐaˈbiɲet ͡,pomeranian voivodeship,gmina topólka,central poland,administrative district,żabiniec,village,north,kuyavian
Ibrahima Tandia (born 12 July 1993) is a Malian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Romanian club Sepsi Sfântu Gheorghe.	romanian club sepsi sfântu gheorghe,malian professional footballer,ibrahima tandia,plays,midfielder
Biryulyovo Vostochnoye District  (Russian: райо́н Бирюлёво Восто́чное) is a territorial division (a district, or raion) in Southern Administrative Okrug, one of the 125 in the federal city of Moscow, Russia.	райо ́ н бирюлёво восто ́ чное,southern administrative okrug,biryulyovo vostochnoye district,territorial division,federal city,district,russian,russia,raion,one,moscow
Maksim Aleksandrovich Mayrovich (Russian: Максим Александрович Майрович; born 6 February 1996) is a Russian football player.	максим александрович майрович,maksim aleksandrovich mayrovich,russian football player,russian
The Karnataka State Film Award for Best Dubbing Artist (Male) is one of the Karnataka State Film Awards presented annually since 2005 by the government of Karnataka for Kannada films.	karnataka state film award,best dubbing artist,karnataka,kannada films,one,male,government
Gray zone lymphoma, often presenting as large tumors in the mediastinum, is a type of lymphoma that is characterized by having cellular features of both classic Hodgkin's lymphomas (cHL) and large B-cell lymphomas.	gray zone lymphoma,often presenting,large tumors,large b,classic hodgkin,cellular features,cell lymphomas,lymphoma,lymphomas,type,mediastinum,chl,characterized
"Miss You in a Heartbeat" is a 1994 song by British hard rock band Def Leppard from their album Retro Active.	british hard rock band def leppard,album retro active,miss,heartbeat
Marcin Kazanowski, (1563/66 – 19 October 1636) was a noble (szlachcic), magnate, castellan of Halice from 1622, voivode of Podole Voivodeship from 1632 and Field Crown Hetman of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth from 1633.	szlachcic ), magnate,field crown hetman,podole voivodeship,marcin kazanowski,lithuanian commonwealth,voivode,polish,noble,halice,castellan,1632,1563
During the 2006 Lebanon War, Operation Sharp and Smooth (Hebrew: מבצע חד וחלק‎), also known as the Baalbek operation, was an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) raid on a hospital in the city of Baalbek, which was being used as a Hezbollah headquarters, and a neighbourhood of the city.	מבצע חד וחלק ‎), also known,israel defense forces,operation sharp,hezbollah headquarters,baalbek operation,baalbek,used,smooth,raid,neighbourhood,idf,hospital,hebrew,city
Hungry Beast (originally Projext NEXT) was an Australian television comedy and current affairs program that was broadcast on ABC Television.	originally projext next,current affairs program,australian television comedy,abc television,hungry beast,broadcast
Thomas Hoepker (German: Thomas Höpker; born 10 June 1936) is a German photographer and member of Magnum Photos.	thomas höpker,thomas hoepker,magnum photos,german photographer,german,member
Frances Montresor Buchanan Allen Penniman (April 4, 1760 - 1834) was an American botanist, and a figure of the American Revolution.	frances montresor buchanan allen penniman,american revolution,american botanist,figure,1760
RSM-162 is a reserved Constituency of the Provincial Assembly of Sindh.	reserved constituency,provincial assembly,sindh,rsm
Recilia bengalensis is a species of bug from the Cicadellidae family that is endemic to India.	recilia bengalensis,cicadellidae family,species,india,endemic,bug
Back to Front: Live in London is a live album and film by the English rock musician Peter Gabriel, recorded at The O2 in London on 21 and 22 October 2013 during his Back to Front Tour.	english rock musician peter gabriel,live album,front tour,live,front,recorded,london,film,back
Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac  (; 8 August 1902 – 20 October 1984) was an English theoretical physicist who is regarded as one of the most significant physicists of the 20th century.	english theoretical physicist,significant physicists,regarded,one
Oncy-sur-École is a commune in the Essonne department in Île-de-France in northern France.	essonne department,northern france,france,île,école,sur,oncy,de,commune
The Lodestar Award for Best Young Adult Book is an award given annually to a book published for young adult readers in the field of science fiction or fantasy.	best young adult book,young adult readers,award given annually,book published,lodestar award,science fiction,field,fantasy
Hypergastromyzon is a small genus of loaches endemic to the island of Borneo in Southeast Asia.	southeast asia,small genus,loaches endemic,island,hypergastromyzon,borneo
Dziewierzewo [d͡ʑɛvjɛˈʐɛvɔ] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kcynia, within Nakło County, Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship, in north-central Poland.	within nakło county,͡ ʑɛvjɛˈʐɛvɔ,pomeranian voivodeship,gmina kcynia,central poland,administrative district,village,north,kuyavian,dziewierzewo
Cesare Claudio Prandelli (Italian pronunciation: [ˈtʃeːzare pranˈdɛlli; ˈtʃɛː-]; born 19 August 1957) is an Italian football coach and former player.	cesare claudio prandelli,italian football coach,italian pronunciation,ˈtʃeːzare pranˈdɛlli,former player
Lake Monowai is a large lake (31 km²) in the southern part of Fiordland National Park, in New Zealand's South Island, 120 kilometres northwest of Invercargill.	fiordland national park,southern part,south island,new zealand,large lake,lake monowai,invercargill
Sir Olaf Kirkpatrick Kruuse Caroe  (15 November 1892 – 23 November 1981) was an administrator in British India, working for the Indian Civil Service and the Indian Political Service.	sir olaf kirkpatrick kruuse caroe,indian political service,indian civil service,british india,working,administrator
Camille de Toledo, born on 25 June 1976 in Lyon, France, is a French writer and a visual artist.	camille de toledo,visual artist,french writer,lyon,france,born
Turki Mubarak Abdullah Ahmad al-Binali (3 September 1984 – 31 May 2017) was a Bahraini Islamic scholar and senior member of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.	turki mubarak abdullah ahmad al,bahraini islamic scholar,islamic state,senior member,levant,iraq,binali
Miss República Dominicana 1991 was held on August 21, 1991.	august 21,held
SMS Meteor may refer to one of the following ships:	sms meteor may refer,following ships,one
Pegasus Bay, earlier known as Cook's Mistake, is a bay on the east coast of the South Island of New Zealand.	south island,new zealand,east coast,earlier known,pegasus bay,bay,mistake,cook
Branko Kankaraš (born 28 May 1988) is a Montenegrin handball player who plays for Valence Handball and the Montenegrin national team.	montenegrin national team,montenegrin handball player,valence handball,branko kankaraš,plays
Peter Hirzel (born 15 July 1939) is a former Swiss cyclist.	former swiss cyclist,peter hirzel
Gajana (Italian: Gaiano) is a village in the municipality of Vodnjan, in Istria, Croatia.	vodnjan,village,municipality,italian,istria,gajana,gaiano,croatia
The 2013–14 season was Queens Park Rangers's 125th professional season.	125th professional season,queens park rangers
Stefan Prein (born October 27, 1965 in Wuppertal) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Germany.	former grand prix motorcycle road racer,stefan prein,wuppertal,germany
Braun GmbH ( (listen) "brown"; German: [bʁaʊn] (listen)), formerly Braun AG, is a German consumer products company based in Kronberg.	german consumer products company based,listen )), formerly braun ag,brown "; german,braun gmbh,listen,kronberg,bʁaʊn
The California United States House of Representatives elections in California, 1956 was an election for California's delegation to the United States House of Representatives, which occurred as part of the general election of the House of Representatives on November 6, 1956.	california united states house,united states house,representatives elections,general election,house,california,representatives,election,part,occurred,delegation
John William Poff (born October 23, 1952) is a former Major League Baseball outfielder.	former major league baseball outfielder,john william poff,1952
Pembroke Lakes Mall is a one level super-regional shopping center located in Pembroke Pines, Florida.	regional shopping center located,one level super,pembroke lakes mall,pembroke pines,florida
A flight jacket is a casual jacket that was originally created for pilots and eventually became part of popular culture and apparel.	eventually became part,popular culture,originally created,flight jacket,casual jacket,pilots,apparel
Sir Nicholas Felix Stadlen (born 3 May 1950) is a former judge of the High Court of England and Wales.	sir nicholas felix stadlen,high court,former judge,wales,england
Valsad Lok Sabha constituency (formerly Bulsar Lok Sabha constituency) (Gujarati: વલસાડ લોકસભા મતવિસ્તાર) is one of the 26 Lok Sabha (parliamentary) constituencies in Gujarat state in western India.	વલસ ા ડ લ ો કસભ ા મતવ િ સ ્ ત ા ર,formerly bulsar lok sabha constituency,valsad lok sabha constituency,western india,gujarat state,parliamentary,one,gujarati,constituencies
Bathurst Courthouse is a heritage-listed courthouse at Russell Street, Bathurst, Bathurst Region, New South Wales, Australia.	new south wales,russell street,listed courthouse,bathurst region,bathurst courthouse,bathurst,heritage,australia
La dama de Chez Maxim's is a 1923 Italian silent comedy film directed by Amleto Palermi and starring Carmen Boni, Alfredo Martinelli and Pina Menichelli.	la dama de chez maxim,starring carmen boni,pina menichelli,amleto palermi,alfredo martinelli
1 (one, also called unit, unity, and (multiplicative) identity) is a number, numeral, and glyph.	also called unit,unity,one,numeral,number,multiplicative,identity,glyph
Aytaç Arman (born Veysel İnce; 22 June 1949 – 26 February 2019) was a Turkish actor.	born veysel i̇nce,turkish actor,aytaç arman
Paraduba owgarra is a species of butterfly of the family Lycaenidae.	paraduba owgarra,family lycaenidae,species,butterfly
Rosa persica is an anomalous species of rose that at one time was placed in a separate genus Hulthemia.	separate genus hulthemia,rosa persica,one time,anomalous species,rose,placed
The debut season of The Ultimate Fighter (later designated The Ultimate Fighter 1) premiered on January 17, 2005.	ultimate fighter,later designated,debut season,premiered
Beyond Fantasy Fiction was a US fantasy fiction magazine edited by H. L. Gold, with only ten issues published from 1953 to 1955.	us fantasy fiction magazine edited,beyond fantasy fiction,ten issues published,l,h,gold,1953
Thenpattinam Ponnuswamy Meenakshisundaram (1901–1980), popularly known as Te Po Meenkshisunadaranar, was an Indian scholar, writer of Tamil and English literature and the founder vice chancellor of Madurai Kamaraj University.	thenpattinam ponnuswamy meenakshisundaram,te po meenkshisunadaranar,madurai kamaraj university,founder vice chancellor,indian scholar,english literature,writer,tamil
The Highway Trust Fund is a transportation fund in the United States which receives money from a federal fuel tax of 18.4 cents per gallon on gasoline and 24.4 cents per gallon of diesel fuel and related excise taxes.	related excise taxes,highway trust fund,federal fuel tax,transportation fund,diesel fuel,united states,receives money,gasoline,18
Subhatavarman (reigned c.	reigned c,subhatavarman
Senseless Prayer were a British three-piece pop/rock band from Bromsgrove, near Birmingham.	senseless prayer,rock band,piece pop,near birmingham,british three,bromsgrove
Manihari (Vidhan Sabha constituency) (Hindi: मनिहारी विधान सभा निर्वाचन क्षेत्र) is an assembly constituency in Katihar district in the Indian state of Bihar.	मन ि ह ा र ी व ि ध ा न सभ ा न ि र ् व ा चन क ् ष े त ् र,vidhan sabha constituency,assembly constituency,katihar district,indian state,manihari,hindi,bihar
Robert Koegel is an American psychologist at Stanford University School of Medicine.	stanford university school,robert koegel,american psychologist,medicine
Handroanthus impetiginosus, pink ipê, pink lapacho, or pink trumpet tree is a native tree of family Bignoniaceae of the Americas, distributed from northern Mexico south to northern Argentina.	northern mexico south,pink trumpet tree,northern argentina,native tree,pink lapacho,pink ipê,handroanthus impetiginosus,family bignoniaceae,distributed,americas
Hanerau-Hademarschen is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	schleswig,rendsburg,municipality,holstein,hanerau,hademarschen,germany,eckernförde,district
A bride scam is a form of romance scam - a confidence trick that aims to defraud potential grooms with the offer of a foreign bride.	defraud potential grooms,romance scam,foreign bride,confidence trick,bride scam,offer,form,aims
Bradley Lee Gulden (born June 10, 1956) is a former Major League Baseball player who played for the Los Angeles Dodgers, New York Yankees, Seattle Mariners, Montreal Expos, Cincinnati Reds, and San Francisco Giants.	former major league baseball player,san francisco giants,new york yankees,los angeles dodgers,bradley lee gulden,seattle mariners,montreal expos,cincinnati reds,played
The participation of Bulgaria in the Junior Eurovision Song Contest first began in Rotterdam, Netherlands, at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007.	junior eurovision song contest first began,rotterdam,participation,netherlands,bulgaria
Belsito is a town and comune in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.	southern italy,calabria region,town,province,cosenza,comune,belsito
USS Kingfisher (SP-76), a motor launch, was built in 1916 by George Lawley & Sons, Neponset, Massachusetts; acquired by the U.S. Navy on 8 May 1917 from her owner, R. P. Mathiesson, Chicago, Illinois; and commissioned 15 May at Newport, Rhode Island, Ensign R. P. Mathiesson, USNRF, in command.	8 may 1917,uss kingfisher,rhode island,motor launch,george lawley,ensign r,r,usnrf,u,sp,sons,p,owner,newport,neponset,navy,mathiesson,massachusetts,illinois,command,chicago,built,acquired
Global Sweeteners Holdings Limited (SEHK: 3889) is a listed food company in Hong Kong.	global sweeteners holdings limited,listed food company,hong kong,sehk
Naan (lit. Me) is 1967 Tamil language drama film, directed by T. R. Ramanna.	ramanna,r,naan,lit,directed
Puimayen is a resort on the Atlantic Coast in the Rocha Department of southeastern Uruguay near the Brazilian border.	southeastern uruguay near,rocha department,brazilian border,atlantic coast,resort,puimayen
The Sultan Abdul Aziz Royal Gallery (Malay: Galeri Diraja Sultan Abdul Aziz) is a gallery in Klang District, Selangor, Malaysia.	galeri diraja sultan abdul aziz,sultan abdul aziz royal gallery,klang district,gallery,selangor,malaysia,malay
Walter Payton College Preparatory High School  (commonly known as Payton College Prep, W.P.C.P, or simply Payton) is a public 4-year selective enrollment magnet high school located in the Old Town neighborhood on the north side of Chicago, Illinois, United States.	year selective enrollment magnet high school located,walter payton college preparatory high school,payton college prep,old town neighborhood,simply payton,united states,north side,commonly known,w,p,illinois,chicago,c
Nenad Nikolić (Serbian Cyrillic: Ненад Николић; born 12 August 1984) is a Serbian footballer who plays for Brantford Galaxy in the Canadian Soccer League.	canadian soccer league,ненад николић,serbian footballer,serbian cyrillic,nenad nikolić,brantford galaxy,plays
The Winchester Mystery House is a mansion in San Jose, California, that was once the personal residence of Sarah Winchester, the widow of firearm magnate William Wirt Winchester.	firearm magnate william wirt winchester,winchester mystery house,sarah winchester,san jose,personal residence,widow,mansion,california
Emamzadeh Khuraq (Persian: امامزاده خورق‎, also Romanized as Emāmzādeh Khūraq; also known as Khvoraq) is a village in Shahsavan Kandi Rural District, in the Central District of Saveh County, Markazi Province, Iran.	امامزاده خورق ‎, also romanized,shahsavan kandi rural district,also known,central district,saveh county,markazi province,emāmzādeh khūraq,emamzadeh khuraq,village,persian,khvoraq,iran
Steve Coast (born 20 December 1980) is a British entrepreneur and the founder of the OpenStreetMap community-based world mapping project and CloudMade, a geography-related company.	based world mapping project,steve coast,related company,openstreetmap community,british entrepreneur,geography,founder,cloudmade
Reichsbund Deutsche Jägerschaft (German Hunting Society) was the official hunting society in Nazi Germany, 1934-1945.	reichsbund deutsche jägerschaft,official hunting society,german hunting society,nazi germany,1934
Sergey Sytin (Ukr.	sergey sytin,ukr
Dishonored is a 2012 stealth action-adventure video game developed by Arkane Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks.	adventure video game developed,bethesda softworks,arkane studios,published,dishonored
William Augustus Hinton (15 December 1883, Chicago, Illinois – 1959, Canton, Massachusetts) was an American bacteriologist, pathologist and educator.	william augustus hinton,15 december 1883,american bacteriologist,pathologist,massachusetts,educator,chicago,canton
Live at the Village Vanguard is a live album by Marc Ribot's Trio which was released in May 2014 on the  Pi label.	village vanguard,pi label,marc ribot,live album,live,trio,released
The InterAcademy Panel Statement on Population Growth is an international scientist consensus document discussing and demanding a halt of the population expansion.	international scientist consensus document discussing,interacademy panel statement,population growth,population expansion,halt,demanding
Karl Harrison (born 20 February 1964) is an English former professional rugby league footballer who played in the 1980s and 1990s, and coached in the 2000s and 2010s.	english former professional rugby league footballer,karl harrison,played,coached,2000s,1980s
Zyryanka Airport (IATA: ZKP, ICAO: UESU) is the main airport serving the locality of Zyryanka, Verkhnekolymsky District in the Sakha Republic of Russia.	main airport serving,zyryanka airport,verkhnekolymsky district,sakha republic,zyryanka,zkp,uesu,russia,locality,icao,iata
Calmella is a genus of sea slugs, aeolid nudibranchs, marine gastropod mollusks in the family Flabellinidae.	marine gastropod mollusks,sea slugs,family flabellinidae,aeolid nudibranchs,genus,calmella
Asa Phillip (Ace) Borger (April 12, 1888 – August 31, 1934), the founder of Borger, Texas, was born to Phillip Borger and the former Minnie Ann West on a family farm near Carthage, Missouri.	former minnie ann west,family farm near carthage,asa phillip,1934 ),,phillip borger,borger,texas,missouri,founder,born,ace
The head of the radius has a cylindrical form, and on its upper surface is a shallow cup or fovea for articulation with the capitulum of the humerus.	upper surface,shallow cup,cylindrical form,radius,humerus,head,fovea,capitulum,articulation
Lieutenant Colonel Théophile Henri Condemine, or  Henri Théophile Condemine, was a French soldier and fighter pilot who began his military career during World War I. He became a flying ace credited with nine confirmed aerial victories, all against observation balloons.	lieutenant colonel théophile henri condemine,nine confirmed aerial victories,henri théophile condemine,flying ace credited,world war,observation balloons,military career,french soldier,fighter pilot,began,became
Lykhny (Georgian: ლიხნი, Abkhaz and Russian: Лыхны) is a village in the Gudauta District of Abkhazia, a disputed region on the Black Sea coast.	black sea coast,gudauta district,disputed region,ლიხნი,лыхны,village,russian,lykhny,georgian,abkhazia,abkhaz
The 2016 Queen's Birthday Honours  for Australia were announced on 13 June 2016 by the Governor-General, Sir Peter Cosgrove.The Birthday Honours were appointments by some of the 16 Commonwealth realms of Queen Elizabeth II to various orders and honours to reward and highlight good works by citizens of those countries.	sir peter cosgrove,highlight good works,queen elizabeth ii,2016 queen,various orders,birthday honours,honours,reward,governor,general,countries,citizens,australia,appointments,announced
Gracie's Choice is a 2004 American drama movie that premiered on Lifetime, written by Joyce Eliason and directed by Peter Werner, and starring Ryan Britten,  Kristen Bell, Anne Heche, Diane Ladd, and Kristin Fairlie.	starring ryan britten,peter werner,kristin fairlie,kristen bell,joyce eliason,diane ladd,anne heche,written,premiered,lifetime,gracie,directed,choice
Imphal East district (Pron:/ˈɪmfəl or ɪmˈfɑːl/) is one of the 16 districts of Manipur state in northeastern India.	pron :/ ˈɪmfəl,imphal east district,ɪmˈfɑːl /),northeastern india,manipur state,one
Novy (Russian: Но́вый; masculine), Novaya (Но́вая; feminine), or Novoye (Но́вое; neuter) is the name of several rural localities in Russia.	но ́ вый,но ́ вое,но ́ вая,several rural localities,masculine ), novaya,feminine ),,russian,russia,novy,novoye,neuter,name
Luthra ( Punjabi: ਲੂਥਰਾ, Hindī: लूथरा) is an Indo-Aryan Khatri and Arora surname originating in the Punjab region of India.	ਲ ੂ ਥਰ ਾ, hindī,ल ू थर ा),arora surname originating,punjab region,aryan khatri,punjabi,luthra,indo,india
The 2015–16 Washington Huskies women's basketball team represented the University of Washington during the 2015–16 NCAA Division I women's basketball season.	2015 – 16 ncaa division,basketball team represented,basketball season,women,washington,university
Notre-Dame Basilica (French: Basilique Notre-Dame de Montréal) is a basilica in the historic district of Old Montreal, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.	dame de montréal,historic district,dame basilica,old montreal,basilique notre,notre,montreal,basilica,quebec,french,canada
The Lion's Den is a surviving 1919 silent film drama directed by George D. Baker and starring Bert Lytell, Alice Lake and Edward Connelly.	starring bert lytell,edward connelly,alice lake,lion,george,den,baker
Perrier-Jouët is a Champagne producer based in the Épernay region of Champagne.	champagne producer based,épernay region,champagne,perrier,jouët
Grant Russ is a Filipino cricketer who plays for the Philippines cricket team.	philippines cricket team,grant russ,filipino cricketer,plays
My Best Friend's Girlfriend  is a 2008 Filipino romantic comedy film, released in 2008 under GMA Films and Regal Films.	regal films,gma films,best friend,released,girlfriend
Gerald Seligman (26 March 1886 – 21 February 1973) was the founder of the International Glaciological Society and the Journal of Glaciology.	international glaciological society,gerald seligman,journal,glaciology,founder
Sos Janibekyan  (Armenian: Սոս Ջանիբեկյան, born on April 8, 1988), is an Armenian actor, writer and producer.	սոս ջանիբեկյան,sos janibekyan,1988 ),,armenian actor,armenian,writer,producer,born
Nordenskiöldbreen (Nordenskiöld Glacier) is a glacier in Spitsbergen, Svalbard.	nordenskiöld glacier,glacier,svalbard,spitsbergen,nordenskiöldbreen
Blood Lad is a 2013 Japanese anime series based on the manga written and illustrated by Yuuki Kodama.	yuuki kodama,manga written,blood lad,illustrated
Errorless learning was an instructional design introduced by psychologist Charles Ferster in the 1950s as part of his studies on what would make the most effective learning environment.	psychologist charles ferster,instructional design introduced,effective learning environment,errorless learning,would make,studies,part
Tepa is a small town and is the capital of Ahafo Ano North, a district in the Ashanti Region of Ghana.	ahafo ano north,small town,ashanti region,tepa,ghana,district,capital
Penicillium shennonghianum is a species of fungus in the genus Penicillium.	penicillium shennonghianum,genus penicillium,species,fungus
The Cartagena Manifesto was written by Simón Bolívar during the Colombian and Venezuelan War of Independence, after the fall of the First Republic, explaining with great detail and precision what he believed to be the causes of this loss.	venezuelan war,simón bolívar,great detail,first republic,cartagena manifesto,written,precision,loss,independence,fall,explaining,colombian,causes,believed
Pebbles, Volume 26 is a compilation album in the Pebbles series.	compilation album,pebbles series,pebbles
This article lists events related to rail transport that occurred in 1946.	article lists events related,rail transport,occurred
Huon Valley Council is a local government body in Tasmania, covering most of the south of the state.	local government body,huon valley council,tasmania,state,south,covering
Gaza was an American extreme metal band from Salt Lake City, Utah.	american extreme metal band,salt lake city,utah,gaza
John Withypool (born by 1483), of Malmesbury, Wiltshire, was an English politician.	john withypool,english politician,wiltshire,malmesbury,born
The Royal Australian Navy Heritage Centre is the maritime museum of the Royal Australian Navy.	royal australian navy heritage centre,royal australian navy,maritime museum
"More than Friends" is a song recorded by Romanian singer Inna from her third studio album, Party Never Ends (2013).	third studio album,romanian singer inna,party never ends,song recorded,friends
Cristian Bădiliță (born March 27, 1968, Săveni, Romania) is a theologian, essayist, translator and contemporary Romanian poet.	contemporary romanian poet,cristian bădiliță,translator,theologian,săveni,romania,essayist
Ahmed Khenchil (Arabic: أحمد خنشيل‎) (born February 27, 1982) is a Tunisian footballer.	أحمد خنشيل ‎),tunisian footballer,ahmed khenchil,arabic
Ghost Games (formerly EA Gothenburg) is a Swedish video game developer owned by Electronic Arts and located in Gothenburg.	swedish video game developer owned,formerly ea gothenburg,ghost games,electronic arts,gothenburg,located
Alternative finance refers to financial channels, processes, and instruments that have emerged outside of the traditional finance system such as regulated banks and capital markets.	traditional finance system,alternative finance refers,regulated banks,financial channels,emerged outside,capital markets,processes,instruments
The Budapest Strings Chamber Orchestra is a professional Hungarian orchestra.	budapest strings chamber orchestra,professional hungarian orchestra
Vecsaule parish (Latvian: Vecsaules pagasts) is an administrative unit of the Bauska District, Latvia.	vecsaules pagasts,vecsaule parish,bauska district,administrative unit,latvian,latvia
Thomas Fowler (born 1777 in Great Torrington, Devon, England – died 31 March 1843) was an English inventor whose most notable invention was the thermosiphon which formed the basis of early hot water central heating systems.	early hot water central heating systems,english inventor whose,thomas fowler,notable invention,great torrington,thermosiphon,formed,devon,basis
Mona Lisa Smile is a 2003 American drama film produced by Revolution Studios and Columbia Pictures in association with Red Om Films Productions, directed by Mike Newell, written by Lawrence Konner and Mark Rosenthal, and starring Julia Roberts, Kirsten Dunst, Julia Stiles and Maggie Gyllenhaal.	red om films productions,mona lisa smile,starring julia roberts,julia stiles,revolution studios,mike newell,mark rosenthal,maggie gyllenhaal,lawrence konner,kirsten dunst,columbia pictures,written,directed,association
HTMS Thonburi, also known as Dhonburi, was a coastal defence ship of the Royal Thai Navy.	royal thai navy,coastal defence ship,htms thonburi,also known,dhonburi
The Climatic Research Laboratory (CRL) was a U.S. Army military clothing and equipment test site formerly located at Lawrence, Massachusetts from 1943 to 1954.	equipment test site formerly located,climatic research laboratory,army military clothing,u,massachusetts,lawrence,crl,1943
Alan Stuart Lowenthal  (born March 8, 1941) is an American politician who has been the United States Representative for California's 47th congressional district since 2013.	united states representative,alan stuart lowenthal,american politician,california
Peltodoris murrea is a species of sea slug, a dorid nudibranch, shell-less marine gastropod mollusks in the family Discodorididae.	less marine gastropod mollusks,sea slug,peltodoris murrea,family discodorididae,dorid nudibranch,species,shell
Street lighting in the District of Columbia is provided by the District of Columbia Department of Transportation, and covers all city streets and alleys in Washington, D.C., in the United States.	united states,street lighting,city streets,c .,,columbia department,columbia,washington,transportation,provided,district,covers,alleys
This is a list of federally recognized tribes in the contiguous United States of America.	federally recognized tribes,contiguous united states,list,america
Miidera Station (三井寺駅, Miidera-eki) is a railway station in Ōtsu, Shiga, Japan.	railway station,miidera station,miidera,三井寺駅,ōtsu,shiga,japan,eki
Serena Berman (born December 30, 1990) is an American actress.	serena berman,american actress
Nicholas Halm-Lutterodt, better known as Paa Nii Lutterodt (1937/38 – 18 July 2006) is a former Ghanaian international football player.	former ghanaian international football player,paa nii lutterodt,nicholas halm,better known,lutterodt
Emperor Kōrei (孝霊天皇, Kōrei-tennō), also known as Ōyamatonekohikofutoni no Mikoto (大倭根子日子賦斗邇命); was the seventh Emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession.No firm dates can be assigned to this Emperor's life or reign, who is conventionally considered to have reigned from 290 BC to 215 BC, but he may have lived in the early 1st century.	tennō ), also known,大倭根子日子賦斗邇命 );,traditional order,firm dates,conventionally considered,215 bc,seventh emperor,emperor kōrei,emperor,kōrei,孝霊天皇,ōyamatonekohikofutoni,succession,reigned,reign,mikoto,may,lived,life,japan,assigned,according
Penicillium loliense is an anamorph species of the genus of Penicillium.	anamorph species,penicillium loliense,penicillium,genus
The sport of lacrosse has been played in the United States long before western expansion.	united states long,western expansion,sport,played,lacrosse
Henry Ellis Turner (April 1, 1832  - February 6, 1911) was an American lawyer and politician from New York.	henry ellis turner,new york,april 1,american lawyer,politician,1832
"Ao-Iconoclast / PIGEON-the green-ey'd monster-" (蒼-Iconoclast / PIGEON-the green-ey'd monster-, lit.	monster -, lit,monster -",蒼,pigeon,iconoclast,green,ey,ao
Bithia or Bitia was a Phoenician, Carthaginian, and Roman town located near Chia in the extreme south of Sardinia, Italy.	roman town located near chia,extreme south,sardinia,phoenician,italy,carthaginian,bitia,bithia
The Warren Sweetser House is a historic house at 90 Franklin Street in Stoneham, Massachusetts.	warren sweetser house,historic house,stoneham,massachusetts
La parmigiana (internationally released as The Girl from Parma) is a 1963 Italian comedy drama film directed by Antonio Pietrangeli.	la parmigiana,internationally released,antonio pietrangeli,parma,girl
HiSoft Systems is a software company based in the UK, creators of a range of programming tools for microcomputers in 1980s and 1990s.	software company based,programming tools,hisoft systems,uk,range,microcomputers,creators,1980s
Canutillo is a census-designated place (CDP) in El Paso County, Texas, United States.	el paso county,united states,designated place,texas,census,cdp,canutillo
Sreemoolanagaram is a small town near to Aluva.	small town near,sreemoolanagaram,aluva
Mohammed Ali El Khider (born 10 February 1985 in Khartoum) (known as Mohammed Safari)     is a Sudanese footballer who plays for Al-Ahly Shendi.	mohammed ali el khider,mohammed safari,sudanese footballer,ahly shendi,plays,known,khartoum,al
Enrique Hector Scalabroni (born 20 October 1949 in Alta Gracia, Córdoba, Argentina) is an Argentinian race car designer, technical director, and team racing boss.	argentinian race car designer,team racing boss,enrique hector scalabroni,technical director,alta gracia,córdoba,argentina
E. A. Belyaev (Evgenie Aleksandrovich Belyaev) (1895–1964) was an Islamic scholar and a prominent Soviet Islamist and member of the Institute of Asian Peoples of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR.	prominent soviet islamist,evgenie aleksandrovich belyaev,islamic scholar,asian peoples,belyaev,ussr,sciences,member,institute,e,academy
Steven Wayne Lindsey (born August 24, 1960) is a retired U.S. Air Force officer and NASA astronaut.	steven wayne lindsey,air force officer,retired u,nasa astronaut
Hess Road, New York is a hamlet in the town of Newfane in Niagara County, New York, United States.	united states,niagara county,new york,hess road,town,newfane,hamlet
Margitta Gummel (née Helmbold on 29 June 1941) is a German former Olympic gold medalist.	german former olympic gold medalist,née helmbold,margitta gummel
HP Application Lifecycle Management (HP ALM) is a set of software tools developed and marketed by Micro Focus for application development and testing.	hp application lifecycle management,software tools developed,hp alm,application development,micro focus,testing,set,marketed
The British Toxicology Society is the main British professional association for toxicologists.	main british professional association,british toxicology society,toxicologists
Nicholas James Groom (born 21 February 1990) is a South African rugby union player.	south african rugby union player,nicholas james groom
It is Fine!	fine
Docking Lynn Rural District was a rural district in Norfolk, England from 1894 to 1974.It was formed under the Local Government Act 1894 based on the Docking rural sanitary district.	docking rural sanitary district,docking lynn rural district,rural district,norfolk,formed,england
Rathbones Bakeries was a bakery founded in 1893, in Lydney, Gloucestershire.	rathbones bakeries,bakery founded,lydney,gloucestershire
Enter the Guardsman is a musical based on Ferenc Molnár's play The Guardsman, with music by Craig Bohmler, lyrics by Marion Adler and a book by Scott Wentworth.	scott wentworth,musical based,marion adler,ferenc molnár,craig bohmler,play,music,lyrics,guardsman,enter,book
Dokuy or Dokui is a department or commune of Kossi Province in western Burkina Faso.	western burkina faso,kossi province,dokuy,dokui,department,commune
Zahedan railway station (Persian: ایستگاه راه آهن زاهدان‎) is located in Zahedan, Iran.	ایستگاه راه آهن زاهدان ‎),zahedan railway station,zahedan,persian,located,iran
Ida Bagus Wiswantanu has been Chief Government Prosecutor in Bali, Indonesia since 2002.	ida bagus wiswantanu,chief government prosecutor,bali
Rhodes is a locational surname, with other spellings Rhoades, Rhoads, Roads, Roades, and Rodes, deriving from the Old English rod, meaning "a clearing in the woods", or from one of a number of locations from this word.	old english rod,woods ",,spellings rhoades,locational surname,word,rodes,roads,roades,rhodes,rhoads,one,number,meaning,locations,deriving,clearing
Kadali Jaya Sarathi (born 26 June 1942) in bhimavaram west godavari,Andhra pradesh, also called Sarathi or Saradhi, is a comedic actor in the Telugu film industry.	telugu film industry,kadali jaya sarathi,bhimavaram west godavari,also called sarathi,comedic actor,andhra pradesh,saradhi
Avitta quadrilinea is a moth of the family Noctuidae first described by Francis Walker in 1863.	family noctuidae first described,francis walker,avitta quadrilinea,moth
Harry Wharfedale Tennant Garnett (16 September 1851 – 27 April 1928) was an English rugby union footballer who played in the 1870s, and rugby union administrator of the 1890s.	harry wharfedale tennant garnett,english rugby union footballer,rugby union administrator,played,1870s
William N. Kinnard, Jr.	william n,kinnard,jr
Operation Antyk (Antyk being an acronym for the Polish phrase Akcja Antykomunistyczna, "Anti-Communist Operation") also known as Department R was a complex of counter-propaganda activities of Polish resistance movement organisation Home Army, directed against pro-Soviet and pro-communist circles in Polish society, mostly members of the Polish Workers' Party.	polish resistance movement organisation home army,communist operation ") also known,polish phrase akcja antykomunistyczna,polish workers,polish society,communist circles,operation antyk,propaganda activities,mostly members,department r,antyk,soviet,pro,party,directed,counter,complex,anti,acronym
The Canadian national quidditch team made its debut in 2012 at the IQA Summer Games in Oxford, UK where it placed 4th of 5 teams.	canadian national quidditch team made,iqa summer games,5 teams,uk,oxford,debut
Onipenta is a small village in Mydukur mandal, Kadapa District, Andhra Pradesh, India.	small village,mydukur mandal,kadapa district,andhra pradesh,onipenta,india
The 2009 Porsche Tennis Grand Prix was a tennis tournament, for the first time played on indoor clay courts.	indoor clay courts,first time played,tennis tournament
Bambusa beecheyana is a species of Bambusa bamboo.	bambusa beecheyana,bambusa bamboo,species
David C. Vladeck (born June 6, 1951) is the former Director of the Bureau of Consumer Protection of the Federal Trade Commission, an independent agency of the United States government.	united states government,federal trade commission,independent agency,former director,david c,consumer protection,vladeck,bureau
Conops ceriaeformis is a species of flies from the genus Conops in the family Conopidae.	genus conops,family conopidae,conops ceriaeformis,species,flies
Tagong (Chinese: 塔公), also known as Lhagang (Tibetan: ལྷ་སྒང་) is a small town in Garzê Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture of western Sichuan in southwestern China.	ལ ྷ་ ས ྒ ང ་),塔公 ), also known,garzê tibetan autonomous prefecture,western sichuan,southwestern china,small town,tibetan,tagong,lhagang,chinese
Oliver Whiddon was Archdeacon of Totnes between 1568 and 1580.He was the third son of Sir John Whiddon (died 1576), of Whiddon in the parish of Chagford, Devon, a Justice of the King's Bench.	sir john whiddon,third son,oliver whiddon,whiddon,totnes,parish,king,justice,devon,chagford,bench,archdeacon,1568
WhoCares was a supergroup formed by Ian Gillan of Deep Purple and Tony Iommi of Black Sabbath in 2011 with the participation of a great number of rock artists as a charity project to raise money to rebuild a music school in Gyumri, Armenia after the destruction of the city in the 1988 earthquake in Armenia.	tony iommi,supergroup formed,rock artists,raise money,music school,ian gillan,great number,deep purple,charity project,black sabbath,whocares,rebuild,participation,gyumri,destruction,city,armenia
CH stars are particular type of carbon stars which are characterized by the presence of exceedingly strong absorption bands due to CH (methylidyne) in their spectra.	exceedingly strong absorption bands due,particular type,carbon stars,ch stars,ch,spectra,presence,methylidyne,characterized
Shaikhzadah  or Shaikhzada (Urdu: شيخ زاده‎) is a Baloch tribe in Balochistan, Pakistan.	شيخ زاده ‎),baloch tribe,urdu,shaikhzadah,shaikhzada,pakistan,balochistan
Oueid Jrid  is a town and commune in Mauritania.	oueid jrid,town,mauritania,commune
Bosara longipecten is a moth in the family Geometridae.	family geometridae,bosara longipecten,moth
Ribići is a village in the municipality of Konjic, Bosnia and Herzegovina.	village,ribići,municipality,konjic,herzegovina,bosnia
William Lloyd was an Irish Anglican priest in the last quarter of the seventeenth century and the first quarter of the eighteenth.He was Dean of Achonry from 1683 to 1691 and Bishop of Killala and Achonry from then until his death on 11 December 1716.	irish anglican priest,william lloyd,seventeenth century,last quarter,first quarter,killala,eighteenth,death,dean,bishop,achonry,1683
Venus's looking-glass is a common name for several plant species including:	several plant species including,common name,venus,looking,glass
The following is an alphabetical list of topics related to the British Overseas Territory of the Bermuda Islands.	british overseas territory,topics related,bermuda islands,alphabetical list,following
Shay Stephenson (born September 13, 1983) is a Canadian hockey player for Vålerenga Ishockey of the Norwegian GET-ligaen.	canadian hockey player,vålerenga ishockey,shay stephenson,norwegian get,ligaen
Walter de Pembroke was the ninth Archdeacon of Barnstaple.	walter de pembroke,ninth archdeacon,barnstaple
The Nokia 2651 is Nokia's first entry level clamshell phone.	first entry level clamshell phone,nokia
Datuk Amar James Wong Kim Min (Chinese: 黄金明; pinyin: huáng jīn míng) (6 August 1922 – 18 July 2011) was a Malaysian politician active in the politics of Sarawak for decades.	datuk amar james wong kim min,malaysian politician active,huáng jīn míng,黄金明,sarawak,politics,pinyin,decades,chinese
The first Dombrovskis cabinet was the government of Latvia from 12 March 2009 to 3 November 2010.	first dombrovskis cabinet,12 march 2009,latvia,government
First Love is an American soap opera which ran on NBC Daytime from July 5, 1954 to December 30, 1955.	american soap opera,nbc daytime,first love,ran,1954
Alberbury Priory was a medieval monastic house in Shropshire, England, established c.1230.	medieval monastic house,established c,alberbury priory,shropshire,england
Samatha (Pāli) or śamatha (Sanskrit: शमथ; Chinese: 止 zhǐ) is a quality of mind which is developed (bhāvanā भावना) in tandem with vipassana (insight) by calming the mind (citta चित्त) and its 'formations' (saṅkhāra संस्कार).	saṅkhāra स ं स ् क ा र ).,citta च ि त ् त,bhāvanā भ ा वन ा),止 zhǐ,शमथ,śamatha,vipassana,tandem,sanskrit,samatha,quality,pāli,mind,insight,formations,developed,chinese,calming
Yola Cain (1954 – 17 May 2000) was the first Jamaican born woman to gain a commercial and flight instructor license and the first woman to fly in the JDF, the Jamaica Defence Force.	first jamaican born woman,jamaica defence force,flight instructor license,first woman,yola cain,jdf,gain,fly,commercial
Mykola Viktorovych Lytvyn (Ukrainian: Микола Вікторович Литвин; born 25 September 1958) is a professional Ukrainian football coach and former player.	professional ukrainian football coach,микола вікторович литвин,mykola viktorovych lytvyn,former player,ukrainian
How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb is the eleventh studio album by Irish rock band U2.	eleventh studio album,atomic bomb,dismantle
Alexander Spence DSO (5 February 1906 in Bundaberg, Queensland – 10 July 1983 in Brisbane, Queensland) was an Australian Army officer during World War II. Between 24 May and 11 November 1942, Spence commanded Allied forces during their guerrilla campaign in Timor.	spence commanded allied forces,alexander spence dso,world war ii,australian army officer,11 november 1942,guerrilla campaign,queensland,timor,bundaberg,brisbane
Thinaimalai Nurru Aimpathu,(Tamil: திணைமாலை நூற்றைம்பது) is a Tamil poetic work belonging to the Pathinenkilkanakku anthology of Tamil literature, belonging to the 'post Sangam period' corresponding to between 100 – 500 CE. Thinaimalai Nurru Aimpathu contains 154 poems written by the poet Kanimeythaviyaar.	த ி ண ை ம ா ல ை ந ூ ற ் ற ை ம ் பத ு),thinaimalai nurru aimpathu ,( tamil,tamil poetic work belonging,post sangam period,tamil literature,poet kanimeythaviyaar,pathinenkilkanakku anthology,belonging,corresponding
Baje Bhagat (16 July 1898 – 26 February 1939) was an Indian litterateur, poet, ragni writer, saang artist and Haryanvi cultural show artist.	haryanvi cultural show artist,saang artist,ragni writer,indian litterateur,baje bhagat,poet
The Mediterranean Island of Malta has been featured in the following films:	mediterranean island,following films,malta,featured
The year 1975 in architecture involved some significant architectural events and new buildings.	significant architectural events,new buildings,architecture involved
Oakwood is an underground light rail transit (LRT) station under construction on Line 5 Eglinton, a new line that is part of the Toronto subway system.	underground light rail transit,toronto subway system,new line,station,part,oakwood,lrt,construction
The Commission on Isotopic Abundances and Atomic Weights (CIAAW) is an international scientific committee of the International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry (IUPAC) under its Division of Inorganic Chemistry.	international scientific committee,international union,isotopic abundances,inorganic chemistry,atomic weights,applied chemistry,pure,iupac,division,commission,ciaaw
Bacchisa klapperichi is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,bacchisa klapperichi,species,beetle
Melanophila consputa, the charcoal beetle, is a species of metallic wood-boring beetle in the family Buprestidae.	metallic wood,melanophila consputa,family buprestidae,charcoal beetle,boring beetle,species
The AVN Adult Entertainment Expo (AEE) is an adult entertainment convention and trade show held each January in Las Vegas, Nevada and is sponsored by AVN magazine.	avn adult entertainment expo,adult entertainment convention,trade show held,avn magazine,las vegas,sponsored,nevada,january,aee
Lincoln Financial Media was a subsidiary of Lincoln National Corporation that owns radio stations in the United States.	owns radio stations,lincoln national corporation,lincoln financial media,united states,subsidiary
Nikola Bochev Padevsky (Bulgarian: Никола Пъдевски; born May 29, 1933) is a  Bulgarian chess Grandmaster.Padevsky was born in Plovdiv, Bulgaria's second largest city.	second largest city,nikola bochev padevsky,bulgarian chess grandmaster,никола пъдевски,padevsky,bulgarian,born,plovdiv,bulgaria
Stallone Limbombe (born 26 March 1991) is a Belgian footballer who plays as a winger for Gent.	stallone limbombe,belgian footballer,winger,plays,gent
Corticotropin-releasing hormone receptor 2 (CRHR2) is a protein, also known by the IUPHAR-recommended name CRF2, that is encoded by the CRHR2 gene and occurs on the surfaces of some mammalian cells.	recommended name crf2,mammalian cells,also known,crhr2,surfaces,protein,occurs,iuphar,encoded,corticotropin
Blond or fair hair is a hair color characterized by low levels of the dark pigment eumelanin.	dark pigment eumelanin,hair color characterized,fair hair,low levels,blond
Paul Frew (born 20 September 1974) is a Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) politician in Northern Ireland.	democratic unionist party,paul frew,northern ireland,politician,dup
Michaëlla Krajicek was the defending champion, but lost to Sachia Vickery in the second round.	second round,sachia vickery,michaëlla krajicek,defending champion,lost
Scherzo fantastique, op.	scherzo fantastique,op
Tracy Splinter (born October 28, 1971 in Cape Town, South Africa) is a German-South African writer and spoken-word author who mysteriously disappeared in August 2016 in Switzerland.	south african writer,south africa,word author,tracy splinter,mysteriously disappeared,cape town,switzerland,spoken,german
Bilel Saidani (born 29 June 1993) is a Tunisian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Al-Sailiya and the Tunisia.	tunisian professional footballer,bilel saidani,tunisia,sailiya,plays,midfielder,al
The Leader of the Labour Party is the highest ranked politician within the Labour Party in New Zealand.	highest ranked politician within,new zealand,labour party,leader
Nemanja Trajković (Serbian Cyrillic: Немања Трајковић; born 13 June 1991) is a Serbian football defender.	serbian football defender,serbian cyrillic,немања трајковић,nemanja trajković
Menstrupedia comic is a guide to educate people around the world on menstruation.	educate people around,menstrupedia comic,world,menstruation,guide
Visitors to North Korea must obtain a visa from one of the North Korean diplomatic missions.	north korean diplomatic missions,north korea must obtain,visitors,visa,one
The Bluecoats Drum and Bugle Corps is an World Class competitive junior drum and bugle corps.	world class competitive junior drum,bluecoats drum,bugle corps
Moqdar (Persian: مقدر‎, also Romanized as Moqaddar; also known as Mūkdār and Nūq Dar) is a village in Miyandasht Rural District, in the Central District of Darmian County, South Khorasan Province, Iran.	مقدر ‎, also romanized,south khorasan province,miyandasht rural district,also known,central district,nūq dar,darmian county,village,persian,mūkdār,moqdar,moqaddar,iran
Badgerline was a bus operator in and around Bristol from 1985 until 2003.	bus operator,around bristol,badgerline,1985
Athemistus tricolor is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	family cerambycidae,athemistus tricolor,species,beetle
The 60 Plus Association is an American 501(c)(4) organization founded in 1992 and based in Alexandria, Virginia.	60 plus association,organization founded,virginia,based,alexandria
"Wait for the Blackout" is a single by The Damned.	wait,single,damned,blackout
The Triratna (Pali: ti-ratana or ratana-ttaya ; Sanskrit: tri-ratna or ratna-traya) is a Buddhist symbol, thought to visually represent the Three Jewels of Buddhism (the Buddha, the Dharma, the Sangha).	visually represent,three jewels,sangha ).,buddhist symbol,ttaya,triratna,tri,traya,ti,thought,sanskrit,ratna,ratana,pali,dharma,buddhism,buddha
The 1986 West African Nations Cup was the fourth edition of the tournament.	fourth edition,tournament
Martín Andrés Silva Leites (born 25 March 1983) is a Uruguayan footballer.	martín andrés silva leites,uruguayan footballer
The End is a live album by Crack the Sky.	live album,sky,end,crack
The Yamaha YTR-2320 Trumpet was a student level B-flat trumpet, manufactured from 1984 until 1997.	student level b,yamaha ytr,flat trumpet,manufactured,1984
Benslimane (formerly Camp Boulhaut during the French Protectorate) is a Moroccan city and the capital of Benslimane Province, Casablanca-Settat.	formerly camp boulhaut,moroccan city,french protectorate,benslimane province,benslimane,settat,casablanca,capital
John Frederick Zeller III (April 18, 1919 – December 8, 2010) was briefly the President of Bucknell University.Born in Lewisburg, Pennsylvania, he attended Lewisburg High School, graduating in 1937.	john frederick zeller iii,attended lewisburg high school,bucknell university,lewisburg,president,pennsylvania,graduating,briefly,born,1937
Chevrolet Prisma may refer to:	chevrolet prisma may refer
The Tupolev Tu-91 (NATO reporting name Boot) was a Soviet carrier-borne attack aircraft.	nato reporting name boot,borne attack aircraft,tupolev tu,soviet carrier
Dasylirion lucidum is a  plant in the family Asparagaceae, native to the Mexican states of Oaxaca and Puebla.	mexican states,family asparagaceae,dasylirion lucidum,puebla,plant,oaxaca,native
This is a list of islands of Malawi:	malawi,list,islands
Gaertnera rosea is a species of plant in the Rubiaceae family.	rubiaceae family,gaertnera rosea,species,plant
The Aérospatiale SA 330 Puma is a four-bladed, twin-engined medium transport/utility helicopter.	engined medium transport,utility helicopter,twin,four,bladed
Garshom, a media company for non-resident Keralites (NRKs) instituted the Garshom Awards in 2002.	resident keralites,media company,garshom awards,garshom,nrks,non,instituted
Stochastic Petri nets are a form of Petri net where the transitions fire after a probabilistic delay determined by a random variable.	probabilistic delay determined,stochastic petri nets,petri net,transitions fire,random variable,form
The Mercedes-Benz Vito is a light commercial van (M) produced by Mercedes-Benz.	light commercial van,benz vito,benz,produced,mercedes
"Computers Don't Argue" is a 1965 science fiction short story by American writer  Gordon R. Dickson, about the dangers of relying too strongly upon computers.	american writer gordon r,strongly upon computers,computers,relying,dickson,dangers,argue
The Privilege of Mielnik (Polish: Przywilej mielnicki) was an act granted on October 25, 1501, at Mielnik by Poland's King Alexander Jagiellon.	king alexander jagiellon,przywilej mielnicki,act granted,privilege,polish,poland,mielnik
Nyctemera palawanica is a moth of the family Erebidae.	nyctemera palawanica,family erebidae,moth
Helge Flo (born December 17, 1966) is a visually impaired Norwegian cross-country skier competing at the 2010 Winter Paralympics.	visually impaired norwegian cross,country skier competing,2010 winter paralympics,helge flo
The presidency of James K. Polk began on March 4, 1845, when James K. Polk was inaugurated as President of the United States, and ended on March 4, 1849.	united states,james k,polk began,polk,president,presidency,inaugurated,ended,1845
Live from the Ghetto is the sophomore solo album by American rapper and producer Big Hutch, who also known as Cold 187um of Pomona-based hip hop group Above The Law.	based hip hop group,sophomore solo album,producer big hutch,american rapper,also known,pomona,live,law,ghetto
Colonial Records was a record label located in Chapel Hill, North Carolina.	record label located,north carolina,colonial records,chapel hill
"Talk to Me" is a song recorded by American singer Stevie Nicks for her third solo studio album Rock a Little (1985).	third solo studio album rock,american singer stevie nicks,song recorded,talk,little
Elk Creek is an unincorporated community located in the town of Hale, Trempealeau County, Wisconsin, United States.	unincorporated community located,united states,trempealeau county,elk creek,wisconsin,town,hale
Atholi is a village in Phagwara in Kapurthala district of Punjab State, India.	punjab state,kapurthala district,village,phagwara,india,atholi
Knockeyon (Irish: Cnoc Eoghain) is a hill in County Westmeath, Ireland.	county westmeath,cnoc eoghain,knockeyon,irish,ireland,hill
The Tulip Sho Japanese チューリップ賞} is a Japanese Grade 2 flat horse race in Japan for three-year-old Thoroughbred fillies run over a distance of 1,600 metres at Hanshin Racecourse, Takarazuka, Hyogo.	tulip sho japanese チューリップ賞,old thoroughbred fillies run,hanshin racecourse,year,three,takarazuka,japan,hyogo,distance
Errol Mitchell (10 September 1898 – 1948) was a New Zealand cricketer.	new zealand cricketer,errol mitchell
The Wyoming gubernatorial election of 1946 took place on November 5, 1946.	wyoming gubernatorial election,november 5
Pagibang Damara is a festival in San Jose City, Nueva Ecija wherein its people celebrates to give thanks for a good harvest in line with their celebration of the City Fiesta on the second or third week of April every year.	nueva ecija wherein,april every year,san jose city,city fiesta,third week,people celebrates,pagibang damara,good harvest,give thanks,second,line,festival,celebration
Xenoglossa is a genus of large squash bees in the family Apidae.	large squash bees,family apidae,xenoglossa,genus
Junction City is a village in Portage County, Wisconsin, United States.	united states,portage county,junction city,wisconsin,village
Heinz Leibinger (born 9 January 1941) is a German former sports shooter.	german former sports shooter,heinz leibinger
Ainslee Cox (June 22, 1936, 1936, Big Spring, Texas – September 5, 1988, New York City) was an American conductor.	new york city,big spring,american conductor,ainslee cox,1936
Karsten Forsterling (born 21 January 1980)  is an Australian rower.	karsten forsterling,australian rower
Mazraeh-ye Ali (Persian: مزرعه علي‎, also Romanized as Mazra‘eh-ye ‘Alī) is a village in Sakhvid Rural District, Nir District, Taft County, Yazd Province, Iran.	مزرعه علي ‎, also romanized,mazra ‘ eh,ye ‘ alī,sakhvid rural district,ye ali,nir district,yazd province,taft county,village,persian,mazraeh,iran
Language Studies International (LSI), an international company with its registered headquarters in the UK.,  specialises in the provision of language training to students on study abroad programmes.	uk ., specialises,study abroad programmes,language studies international,language training,international company,registered headquarters,lsi ),,students,provision
Fulford is a surname, and may refer to	may refer,surname,fulford
James Davis Warren (born July 20, 1939 in Ferriday, Louisiana, died August 9, 2006) was a collegiate and professional football cornerback who played twelve seasons of professional football, with the American Football League's San Diego Chargers and Miami Dolphins and with the NFL Oakland Raiders.	san diego chargers,played twelve seasons,nfl oakland raiders,james davis warren,born july 20,american football league,professional football cornerback,professional football,miami dolphins,louisiana,ferriday,collegiate,1939
Imlay City Community Schools is a public school district located in eastern Lapeer County, Michigan.	public school district located,imlay city community schools,eastern lapeer county,michigan
Nishiiwa stable (西岩部屋, Nishiiwa beya) is a heya of sumo wrestlers, part of the Nishonoseki ichimon or group of stables.	sumo wrestlers,nishonoseki ichimon,nishiiwa stable,nishiiwa beya,西岩部屋,stables,part,heya,group
Sawako Ariyoshi (有吉 佐和子 Ariyoshi Sawako, 20 January 1931 – 30 August 1984) was a prolific female Japanese writer, known for such works as The Doctor's Wife and The River Ki.	prolific female japanese writer,有吉 佐和子 ariyoshi sawako,sawako ariyoshi,river ki,works,wife,known,doctor
The Central Artery (officially the John F. Fitzgerald Expressway) is a section of freeway in downtown Boston, Massachusetts; it is designated as Interstate 93, US 1 and Route 3.	route 3,john f,fitzgerald expressway,downtown boston,central artery,section,officially,massachusetts,freeway,designated
The Con & Annie Kirby Memorial Stakes is a greyhound racing competition held annually at Limerick Greyhound Stadium at Greenpark, Dock Road, Limerick, Ireland.	greyhound racing competition held annually,annie kirby memorial stakes,limerick greyhound stadium,dock road,limerick,ireland,greenpark,con
The Dublin Women's Suffrage Association was an organisation for women's suffrage which was set up in Dublin in 1874.	suffrage association,dublin women,women,suffrage,dublin,set,organisation
Paul Draper (born March 10, 1936) is a California winemaker who has been the chief winemaker at Ridge Vineyards in California since 1969.	california since 1969,california winemaker,ridge vineyards,paul draper,chief winemaker
Birdal is a Turkish surname.	turkish surname,birdal
Karapınar  is a village in Çaycuma District, Zonguldak Province, Turkey.	çaycuma district,zonguldak province,village,turkey,karapınar
Benjamin James Bahan is a professor of ASL and Deaf Studies at Gallaudet University and a member of the deaf community.	benjamin james bahan,gallaudet university,deaf studies,deaf community,professor,member,asl
2 Compositions (Ensemble) 1989/1991 is an album featuring ensemble performances of compositions by Anthony Braxton which was recorded in Germany in 1989 and 1991 and released on the HatART label.	album featuring ensemble performances,hatart label,anthony braxton,ensemble,compositions,released,recorded,germany,1989
Anthony Paul Jackson (16 July 1940 – 18 August 2003) was an English bass guitar player and singer who was a member of the Searchers.	english bass guitar player,anthony paul jackson,singer,searchers,member
Bertie Grounds (14 January 1878 – 21 July 1950) was an Australian cricketer.	bertie grounds,australian cricketer
Jan Škrdlík (born 31 October 1964 in Ostrava) is a  Czech cellist, of the younger school of the Czech cello players, an artist, a writer and a teacher.	czech cello players,czech cellist,younger school,jan škrdlík,writer,teacher,ostrava,artist
Nurlan Seydinovich Bizakov (Russian: Нурлан Сейдинович Бизаков) is a Kazakhstani businessman.	нурлан сейдинович бизаков,nurlan seydinovich bizakov,kazakhstani businessman,russian
Lower Langford is a village within the civil parish of Churchill in the unitary authority of North Somerset, England.	village within,unitary authority,north somerset,lower langford,civil parish,england,churchill
Juvenile Jury is an American children's game show which originally ran on NBC from April 3, 1947, to August 1, 1954.	originally ran,juvenile jury,game show,april 3,american children,nbc,1947
The Mycological Society of America (MSA) is a learned society that serves as the professional organization of mycologists in the U.S. and Canada.	professional organization,mycological society,learned society,u,serves,mycologists,msa,canada,america

== Results ==	== results ==
Robert Hilary Kane (born 1938, Boston) is an American philosopher.	robert hilary kane,american philosopher,boston
Benson is a city in Swift County, Minnesota, United States, which is located along the Chippewa River.	united states,swift county,located along,chippewa river,minnesota,city,benson
Autumn Fine Art Exhibition of Leningrad's artists (Leningrad, 1958) (Russian: Осенняя выставка произведений ленинградских художников 1958 года) become the one of the largest Soviet Art Exhibition of 1958 and for time of early Khrushchev "Thaw" at whole.	largest soviet art exhibition,autumn fine art exhibition,early khrushchev,whole,time,thaw,russian,one,leningrad,become,artists
Sam B. Hardy (March 21, 1883 – October 16, 1935) was an American stage and film actor who appeared in feature films during the silent and early sound eras.Born in New Haven, Connecticut, Hardy attended Yale but left there to become an actor on stage.	early sound eras,hardy attended yale,sam b,feature films,film actor,american stage,hardy,stage,actor,silent,new,left,connecticut,born,become,appeared
Walter Mundschin (born 17 October 1947  in Sursee) is a Swiss former footballer who played as a libero.	swiss former footballer,walter mundschin,sursee,played,libero
Drymaplaneta semivitta is a species of cockroach native to Australia and introduced to New Zealand.	new zealand,drymaplaneta semivitta,cockroach native,species,introduced,australia
Serra da Cangalha is an impact crater in the State of Tocantins, near the border of Maranhão State, in north/northeastern Brazil.	serra da cangalha,northeastern brazil,impact crater,maranhão state,state,tocantins,north,near,border
Interpreter of Maladies is a book collection of nine short stories by American author of Indian Origin Jhumpa Lahiri published in 1999.	indian origin jhumpa lahiri published,nine short stories,book collection,american author,maladies,interpreter
A battlegroup (British/Commonwealth term), or task force (U.S. term) in modern military theory is the basic building block of an army's fighting force.	modern military theory,basic building block,commonwealth term ),,task force,fighting force,term,u,british,battlegroup,army
Gnathang Monastery is a Buddhist monastery in Sikkim in northeastern India.	northeastern india,gnathang monastery,buddhist monastery,sikkim
The New Brunswick Free Public Library is the public library of New Brunswick, New Jersey.	new brunswick free public library,public library,new brunswick,new jersey
Bramber Castle is an electoral division of West Sussex in the United Kingdom and returns one member to sit on West Sussex County Council.	west sussex county council,returns one member,west sussex,united kingdom,electoral division,bramber castle,sit
Utricularia unifolia is a medium-sized perennial carnivorous plant that belongs to the genus Utricularia.	sized perennial carnivorous plant,utricularia unifolia,genus utricularia,medium,belongs
The escudo was the currency of Portuguese Timor between 1959 and 1976.	portuguese timor,escudo,currency,1959
"One More Night Alone" is a song by pop trio Friday Hill, released as the second and final single from their debut studio album, Times Like These.	pop trio friday hill,debut studio album,times like,night alone,final single,song,second,released,one
Travis John Thomas (born December 3, 1984) is a former American football running back.	former american football running back,travis john thomas,1984
The great saphenous vein (GSV, alternately "long saphenous vein") is a large, subcutaneous, superficial vein of the leg.	long saphenous vein "),great saphenous vein,superficial vein,subcutaneous,leg,large,gsv,alternately
Acini di pepe [ˈaːtʃini di ˈpeːpe] are a form of pasta.	ˈaːtʃini di ˈpeːpe,acini di pepe,pasta,form
Anti-Héroes is the second studio album released by Spanish boyband Auryn.	second studio album released,spanish boyband auryn,héroes,anti
Protease-activated receptors are a subfamily of related G protein-coupled receptors  that are activated by cleavage of part of their extracellular domain.	related g protein,extracellular domain,coupled receptors,activated receptors,activated,subfamily,protease,part,cleavage
Nandasena Pathirana (born 31 December 1942) is a former Sri Lankan cricket umpire.	former sri lankan cricket umpire,nandasena pathirana
Roure is a comune (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, located about 45 kilometres (28 mi) west of Turin in the Val Chisone.	italian region piedmont,val chisone,metropolitan city,28 mi,west,turin,roure,municipality,located,comune
Frans Geerts or Augustinus Franciscus Maria (Frans) Geerts (14 September 1869 in Antwerp – 30 June 1957 in Borgerhout) was a Belgian painter.	augustinus franciscus maria,belgian painter,frans geerts,geerts,frans,borgerhout
Iconoclast: a Neuroscientist Reveals How to Think Differently is a neuropsychology book written by Gregory Berns and first published in 2008 by Harvard Business Press.	neuropsychology book written,harvard business press,think differently,neuroscientist reveals,gregory berns,first published,iconoclast
Baxter is a city within Jasper County, Iowa.	city within jasper county,iowa,baxter
Robert Laurel Crippen (born September 11, 1937) is an American retired naval officer and aviator, test pilot, aerospace engineer, and retired astronaut.	american retired naval officer,robert laurel crippen,retired astronaut,test pilot,aerospace engineer,aviator
The 2005-06 Icelandic Hockey League season was the 15th season of the Icelandic Hockey League, the top level of ice hockey in Iceland.	icelandic hockey league,ice hockey,top level,iceland
Deportivo Oceanía is a surface metro station in Gustavo A. Madero borough, in México City Mexico.	surface metro station,méxico city mexico,madero borough,deportivo oceanía,gustavo
Stepaside Knoll (78°13′00″S 161°24′00″E) is an ice-covered knoll rising to 1,829 metres (6,001 ft) in the north part of Stepaside Spur, between Upper Staircase and Schutt Glacier in the Skelton Glacier drainage system.	78 ° 13 ′ 00 ″,skelton glacier drainage system,covered knoll rising,schutt glacier,stepaside knoll,upper staircase,stepaside spur,north part,001 ft,ice,1
Platycythara eurystoma, is an extinct species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Mangeliidae.	marine gastropod mollusk,sea snail,platycythara eurystoma,family mangeliidae,extinct species
Several extinct species have been postulated, but owing to a lack of evidence they can only be regarded as hypothetical extinct species.	several extinct species,hypothetical extinct species,regarded,postulated,owing,lack,evidence
Goodhart's law is an adage named after economist Charles Goodhart, which has been phrased by Marilyn Strathern as "When a measure becomes a target, it ceases to be a good measure." One way in which this can occur is individuals trying to anticipate the effect of a policy and then taking actions that alter its outcome.	good measure .",economist charles goodhart,measure becomes,taking actions,one way,marilyn strathern,individuals trying,adage named,goodhart,target,policy,phrased,outcome,occur,law,effect,ceases,anticipate,alter
Wind power in Russia has a long history of small-scale use, but the country has not yet developed large-scale commercial wind energy production.	scale commercial wind energy production,yet developed large,wind power,scale use,long history,small,russia,country
Lenora Isabella Crichlow (born 4 January 1985) is an English actress.	lenora isabella crichlow,english actress
Paul Cross (Sydney) is an Australian former rugby league footballer of the 1960s and 1970s.	australian former rugby league footballer,paul cross,sydney,1960s
Live in the Heart of Helsinki is the first live album and video by Swedish melodic death metal band Soilwork.	swedish melodic death metal band soilwork,first live album,live,video,helsinki,heart
Rattlesden is a village and civil parish in the Mid Suffolk district of Suffolk in eastern England.	mid suffolk district,eastern england,civil parish,suffolk,village,rattlesden
The United States Special Operations Command (USSOCOM or SOCOM) is the Unified Combatant Command charged with overseeing the various Special Operations Component Commands of the Army, Marine Corps, Navy, and Air Force of the United States Armed Forces.	various special operations component commands,united states special operations command,united states armed forces,unified combatant command charged,marine corps,air force,ussocom,socom,overseeing,navy,army
Vértigo is La Ley's fifth album.	la ley,fifth album,vértigo
Kristine Valdresdatter, officially known as NSB Cmb17a or Class 17, was a single railcar built by Strømmens Værksted in 1935.	single railcar built,strømmens værksted,officially known,kristine valdresdatter,1935
Baldonnel (population ~142) is a town in the Peace River District of British Columbia, Canada, near Fort St.	peace river district,near fort st,british columbia,town,population,canada,baldonnel
The Washington DC Funk Parade is an annual music and art street festival held on U Street in Washington DC. It is a free, day-long event that aims to unite the community through the celebration of funk music, visual arts and the diverse cultural history of the U Street neighborhood.	art street festival held,washington dc funk parade,diverse cultural history,u street neighborhood,washington dc,u street,funk music,visual arts,long event,annual music,unite,free,day,community,celebration,aims
André Paul Guillaume Gide (French: [ɑ̃dʁe pɔl ɡijom ʒid]; 22 November 1869 – 19 February 1951) was a French author and winner of the Nobel Prize in Literature (in 1947).	andré paul guillaume gide,nobel prize,french author,french,winner,literature
Paul Samson (4 June 1953 – 9 August 2002) was an English guitarist, closely associated with the new wave of British heavy metal.	british heavy metal,paul samson,new wave,english guitarist,closely associated
Estádio Municipal Alberto Oliveira, usually known as Estádio Joia da Princesa, is a multi-use stadium in Feira de Santana, Brazil.	estádio municipal alberto oliveira,estádio joia da princesa,feira de santana,usually known,use stadium,multi,brazil
Paul Dienstbach (born 10 October 1980 in Giessen) is a German rower.	paul dienstbach,german rower,giessen
Proceratophrys appendiculata is a species of frog in the Odontophrynidae family.	proceratophrys appendiculata,odontophrynidae family,species,frog
Iresia is a genus of beetles in the family Carabidae, containing the following species:	following species,family carabidae,iresia,genus,containing,beetles
Karnes County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas.	karnes county,county,u,texas,state
Paul Michael Lotman (born 3 November 1985) is an American volleyball player, a member of the United States men's national volleyball team and Indonesia club Jakarta BNI Taplus, a participant of the Olympic Games London 2012, NORCECA Champion 2013, gold medalist of the 2008 Pan American Cup and 2014 World League and 2015 World Cup, three-time Polish Champion (2012, 2013, 2015).	indonesia club jakarta bni taplus,2008 pan american cup,american volleyball player,united states men,time polish champion,paul michael lotman,national volleyball team,2014 world league,2015 ).,gold medalist,2013,three,participant,member
Ayana Siriwadhana (born 8 April 1999) is a Sri Lankan cricketer.	sri lankan cricketer,ayana siriwadhana
Her Private Life (Hangul: 그녀의 사생활; RR: Geunyeoui Sasaenghwal) is a South Korean television series starring Park Min-young, Kim Jae-wook and Ahn Bo-hyun.	south korean television series starring park min,그녀의 사생활,private life,kim jae,geunyeoui sasaenghwal,ahn bo,young,wook,rr,hyun,hangul
The Lord High Admiral (of England, Great Britain and then the United Kingdom, beginning in the 14th century)  is the titular head of the Royal Navy.	lord high admiral,united kingdom,titular head,royal navy,great britain,england,beginning
Calpatanna Waterhole Conservation Park is a protected area in the Australian state of South Australia located on the Eyre Peninsula in the gazetted localities of Calca, Mortana and Yanerbie about 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-east of the town centre in Streaky Bay.The conservation park was proclaimed on 14 February 1974 under the state’s National Parks and Wildlife Act 1972 in respect to land in sections 121, 122, 128, 129, 144, 179, 180 and 189 in the cadastral unit of the Hundred of Wrenfordsley.	calpatanna waterhole conservation park,14 february 1974,south australia located,conservation park,town centre,streaky bay,state ’,protected area,national parks,gazetted localities,eyre peninsula,cadastral unit,australian state,16 mi,south,yanerbie,wrenfordsley,respect,proclaimed,mortana,land,hundred,east,calca,180,144,128
Tomar (Portuguese pronunciation: [tuˈmaɾ]), also known in English as Thomar, is a city and a municipality in Santarém District in Portugal.	tuˈmaɾ ]), also known,santarém district,portuguese pronunciation,tomar,thomar,portugal,municipality,english,city
Thins (Snackfood) is one of the largest brands of savoury snack potato chips released in Australia and is owned by Snack Brands Australia.	savoury snack potato chips released,snack brands australia,largest brands,australia,thins,snackfood,owned,one
Pojuca is a municipality in the state of Bahia in the North-East region of Brazil.	east region,state,pojuca,north,municipality,brazil,bahia
Peter Treveris (alternate name: Peter of Treves) was an English stationer and printer.	english stationer,alternate name,peter treveris,peter,treves,printer
Semmler is a German surname.	german surname,semmler
Albert Ward (21 November 1865 – 6 January 1939) was an English first-class cricketer, who played first-class cricket  for Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 1886, and for Lancashire between 1889 and 1904.	yorkshire county cricket club,class cricket,played first,english first,class cricketer,albert ward,lancashire,1889
Chien-Fu Jeff Wu (born 1949) is the Coca-Cola Chair in Engineering Statistics and Professor in the H. Milton Stewart School of Industrial and Systems Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology.	milton stewart school,fu jeff wu,systems engineering,georgia institute,engineering statistics,cola chair,technology,professor,industrial,h,coca,chien
The 18th European Athletics Indoor Championships were held at Stade Couvert Régional in Liévin, France, on 21 and 22 February 1987.	stade couvert régional,liévin,held,france
Adlkofen is a municipality in the South Bavarian district of Landshut.	south bavarian district,municipality,landshut,adlkofen
Kung Chao-Yuan was a Chinese Ambassador.	kung chao,chinese ambassador,yuan
Griffin House is a house built in 1827 by Englishmen in Ancaster.	house built,griffin house,englishmen,ancaster
The 2009-2010 Season of BAI Basket (32nd edition) ran from November 13, 2009 to June 15, 2010, with 12 teams playing in three different stages: in stage one (regular season) teams played a double round robin system.	double round robin system,three different stages,teams played,stage one,regular season,june 15,bai basket,2010 season,ran
Xiangyang Township (simplified Chinese: 向阳乡; traditional Chinese: 向陽鄉; pinyin: Xiàngyáng Xiāng) is a township under the administration of Luxi County, Yunnan, China.	xiàngyáng xiāng,traditional chinese,simplified chinese,luxi county,xiangyang township,township,向陽鄉,向阳乡,yunnan,pinyin,china,administration
Tye Kayle Sheridan (born November 11, 1996) is an American actor.	tye kayle sheridan,american actor
Merry-la-Vallée is a commune in the Yonne department in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in north-central France.	yonne department,central france,vallée,north,merry,la,franche,comté,commune,bourgogne
The Braunschweig LF-1 Zaunkönig, (LF – Langsames Flugzeug – literally, slow aircraft), is a STOL single-seat light aircraft designed in 1939 by Prof.	lf – langsames flugzeug – literally,seat light aircraft designed,slow aircraft ),,braunschweig lf,stol single,prof
Gau Graig is a subsidiary summit of Cadair Idris in the Snowdonia National Park, in Gwynedd, northwest Wales.	snowdonia national park,subsidiary summit,northwest wales,gau graig,cadair idris,gwynedd
The Alberni-Clayoquot Regional District (2006 population 30,664) of British Columbia is located on west central Vancouver Island.	west central vancouver island,clayoquot regional district,british columbia,located,alberni
Kenneth D. Pasternak (born February 21, 1954, New York City; raised in Fleischmanns, New York) is an American financial executive and entrepreneur.	american financial executive,new york city,new york,raised,pasternak,kenneth,fleischmanns,entrepreneur
Muniyandi Vilangyial Moondramandu (English: Muniyandi, Third Year Zoology) is a 2008 Tamil drama film written and directed by Thirumurugan.	third year zoology,muniyandi vilangyial moondramandu,muniyandi,thirumurugan,english,directed
Russell Township is one of the sixteen townships of Geauga County, Ohio, United States.	united states,sixteen townships,russell township,geauga county,one,ohio
Crystal Waters (also known as Crystal Waters Permaculture Village and Crystal Waters Ecovillage) is an 85 Lot Body Corporate housing development situated in Conondale in the Sunshine Coast hinterland of Queensland, Australia.In 1996, the village of Crystal Waters was a finalist in the World Habitat Awards by the Building and Social Housing Foundation for its "pioneering work in demonstrating new ways of low impact, sustainable living".	crystal waters permaculture village,social housing foundation,world habitat awards,sustainable living ".,sunshine coast hinterland,demonstrating new ways,crystal waters ecovillage,crystal waters,pioneering work,low impact,also known,village,queensland,finalist,conondale,building,australia
A nanoflare is a very small episodic heating event which happens in the corona, the external atmosphere of the Sun.	small episodic heating event,external atmosphere,sun,nanoflare,happens,corona
Margaret L. Chen (born 1951) is a Jamaican sculptor of Chinese descent.	margaret l,jamaican sculptor,chinese descent,chen
The Indian general election, 1957 polls in Tamil Nadu were held for 34 seats in the state.	indian general election,tamil nadu,1957 polls,state,held
South Decatur Junior-Senior High School is a middle school and high school located in Greensburg, Indiana.	south decatur junior,senior high school,high school located,middle school,indiana,greensburg
Pool 1 of the Second Round of the 2009 World Baseball Classic was held at Petco Park, San Diego, California, United States from March 15 to 19, 2009.	united states,second round,san diego,petco park,2009,held,california
Loren T. Stuckenbruck (born 1960) is an historian of early Christianity and Second Temple Judaism, currently professor of New Testament at the University of Munich, in Germany.	second temple judaism,new testament,early christianity,currently professor,university,stuckenbruck,munich,loren,historian,germany
Mary James Gill  (Urdu: میری گل‎; born 28 August 1985) is a Pakistani politician who was a Member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab, from May 2013 to May 2018.	mary james gill,provincial assembly,pakistani politician,may 2013,urdu,punjab,member
Saint-Sévère is a parish municipality in the Mauricie region of the province of Quebec in Canada.	parish municipality,mauricie region,sévère,saint,quebec,province,canada
Hulsig is a settlement and area of moorland and grey sand dunes in the Råbjerg Mile of the Skagens Odde peninsula, in northern Jutland, northern Denmark.	skagens odde peninsula,grey sand dunes,råbjerg mile,northern jutland,northern denmark,settlement,moorland,hulsig,area
The bar-winged rail (Nesoclopeus poecilopterus) was a species of bird in the family Rallidae.	winged rail,nesoclopeus poecilopterus,family rallidae,species,bird,bar
The Agate Pass Bridge is a structural steel truss cantilever bridge spanning Agate Pass, connecting Bainbridge Island to the Kitsap Peninsula.	structural steel truss cantilever bridge spanning agate pass,agate pass bridge,connecting bainbridge island,kitsap peninsula
Someday (大鹿村騒動記, Ōshika-mura sōdōki) is a 2011 Japanese drama film directed by Junji Sakamoto.	mura sōdōki,junji sakamoto,大鹿村騒動記,ōshika,someday
Chiranji Lal Sharma (born 13 September 1923 Ahulana  District Sonepat (Haryana)) was member of 7th Lok Sabha fromKarnal (Lok Sabha constituency) in Haryana State, India.	7th lok sabha fromkarnal,lok sabha constituency,chiranji lal sharma,haryana state,haryana )),member,india
The Willys L134 (nicknamed Go Devil) is a straight-4 automobile engine that was made famous in the Willys MB and Ford GPW Jeep produced during World War II. It powered nearly all the Jeep vehicles built for the U.S. and Allies.	ford gpw jeep produced,jeep vehicles built,world war ii,nicknamed go devil,willys mb,powered nearly,made famous,u,straight,allies
Huanderson Junior da Silva Santos (born 3 August 1983), commonly known as Huanderson, is a Brazilian footballer currently playing for Apollon Smyrnis in the Greek Superleague.	huanderson junior da silva santos,brazilian footballer currently playing,greek superleague,apollon smyrnis,huanderson
PZL.19 was a Polish sports plane built in 1932 in the PZL works.	polish sports plane built,pzl works,pzl,19
VidWrx Inc., formerly known as SoMedia Networks, is a Vancouver-based Internet video production company founded in 2006 by George Fleming.	based internet video production company founded,vidwrx inc ., formerly known,somedia networks,george fleming,vancouver
Voices of Iraq is a 2004 documentary film about Iraq, created by distributing cameras to the subjects of a film, thus enabling subjects to film themselves.	thus enabling subjects,distributing cameras,subjects,film,voices,iraq,created
Rainbow Parade was a series of 26 animated shorts produced by Van Beuren Studios and distributed to theaters by RKO between 1934 and 1936.	van beuren studios,rainbow parade,theaters,series,rko,distributed,1934
Deinococcus frigens is a species of low temperature and drought-tolerating, UV-resistant bacteria from Antarctica.	resistant bacteria,low temperature,deinococcus frigens,uv,tolerating,species,drought,antarctica
Nammavar is a 1994 Tamil-language drama film directed by K. S. Sethumadhavan, and starring Kamal Haasan and Gautami in the lead roles.	language drama film directed,starring kamal haasan,lead roles,sethumadhavan,nammavar,k,gautami
Kassym-Jomart Kemelevich Tokayev (Kazakh: Қасым-Жомарт Кемелұлы Тоқаев, Qasym-Jomart Kemeluly Toqaev, [qɑˈsəm ʒɔˈmɑrt cɛˌmɛluˈlə tɔˈqɑjɪf], Russian: Касым-Жомарт Кемелевич Токаев, [kɐˈsɨm ʐɐˈmart kʲɪˈmɛlʲɪvɪt͡ɕ tɐˈkajɪf], born 17 May 1953) is a Kazakh politician and diplomat.	qɑˈsəm ʒɔˈmɑrt cɛˌmɛluˈlə tɔˈqɑjɪf ], russian,жомарт кемелұлы тоқаев,жомарт кемелевич токаев,jomart kemeluly toqaev,jomart kemelevich tokayev,kazakh politician,kazakh,қасым,касым,qasym,kassym,diplomat
Zlatko Zahovič (Slovene pronunciation: [ˈzlaːtkɔ ˈzaːxɔʋitʃ] (listen); born 1 February 1971) is a Slovenian retired footballer who played as an attacking midfielder.	slovenian retired footballer,ˈzlaːtkɔ ˈzaːxɔʋitʃ,zlatko zahovič,slovene pronunciation,attacking midfielder,played
Dongjinzhuang Township (simplified Chinese: 东落堡乡; traditional Chinese: 東落堡鄉; pinyin: Dōngluòbǎo Xiāng) is a township of Dingxing County, in central Hebei province, China.	central hebei province,traditional chinese,simplified chinese,dōngluòbǎo xiāng,dingxing county,dongjinzhuang township,township,東落堡鄉,东落堡乡,pinyin,china
A List of highways numbered 489:	list
Hans-Jürgen Köper (born 29 August 1951) is a German football manager and former midfielder.	german football manager,jürgen köper,former midfielder,hans
John Adrian Louis Hope, 1st Baron Glendevon, PC (7 April 1912 – 18 January 1996), known as Lord John Hope from 1912 to 1964, was a Scottish Tory politician.	john adrian louis hope,lord john hope,scottish tory politician,1912,pc
Navoloki (Russian: На́волоки) is a town in Kineshemsky District of Ivanovo Oblast, Russia, located on the right bank of the Volga River, 120 kilometers (75 mi) northeast of Ivanovo, the administrative center of the oblast.	на ́ волоки,volga river,right bank,kineshemsky district,administrative center,120 kilometers,ivanovo oblast,oblast,ivanovo,town,russian,russia,northeast,navoloki,located
Michael Olise (born 12 December 2001) is an English professional footballer who plays for the EFL Championship club Reading as a Midfielder.	efl championship club reading,english professional footballer,michael olise,plays,midfielder
Adnan Kovačević (born September 9, 1993) is a Bosnian-Herzegovinian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Polish club Korona Kielce.	polish club korona kielce,herzegovinian professional footballer,adnan kovačević,plays,defender,bosnian
Giuseppe (“Joe”) Nahmad (1932 – 23 November 2012) was an art dealer who specialized in impressionist, post-impressionist, and modern art.	giuseppe (“ joe ”) nahmad,modern art,art dealer,specialized,post,impressionist
This is a list of villages in Pernik Province, Bulgaria.	pernik province,villages,list,bulgaria
Janet Treasure (born 1952), OBE PhD FRCP FRCPsych, is a British psychiatrist, who specialises in research and treatment of eating disorders.	janet treasure,eating disorders,british psychiatrist,treatment,specialises,research
Jessica Harcourt (1906–1988) was an Australian model, author and actor, best known for playing a leading role in For the Term of His Natural Life (1927).	natural life,leading role,jessica harcourt,best known,australian model,term,playing,author,actor
Aliabad (Persian: علي آباد‎, also Romanized as ‘Alīābād) is a village in Kalatrazan Rural District, Kalatrazan District, Sanandaj County, Kurdistan Province, Iran.	علي آباد ‎, also romanized,kalatrazan rural district,kalatrazan district,‘ alīābād,sanandaj county,kurdistan province,village,persian,iran,aliabad
Salvia sonomensis (Sonoma sage, creeping sage) is a low-growing perennial plant that is endemic to California.	growing perennial plant,sonoma sage,salvia sonomensis,creeping sage,low,endemic,california
Boltenhagen (GS09) was a Kondor I-class minesweeper built in East Germany.	class minesweeper built,east germany,kondor,boltenhagen
Belgium competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy.	belgium competed,rome,italy
In the mathematical field of algebraic topology, the homotopy groups of spheres describe how spheres of various dimensions can wrap around each other.	wrap around,various dimensions,mathematical field,homotopy groups,algebraic topology,spheres describe,spheres
Hautville is a progressive neofolk music project that was formed in 2006 by Leonardo Lonigro (guitars) and Francesco Dinnella (keyboards and vocals) who had already played together in some progressive rock bands.	progressive neofolk music project,progressive rock bands,already played together,leonardo lonigro,francesco dinnella,vocals,keyboards,hautville,guitars,formed
Meir Ashkenazi was a sixteenth-century Crimean Jew.	century crimean jew,meir ashkenazi,sixteenth
Xenorhina mehelyi is a species of frog in the family Microhylidae.	xenorhina mehelyi,family microhylidae,species,frog
Alnus sieboldiana (オオバヤシャブシ in Japanese) is an alder species found on the islands of Honshū, Shikoku, and Suwanose-jima in Japan.A. sieboldiana contains the ellagitannins alnusiin, tellimagrandin I, pedunculagin, casuarinin, casuariin and 2,3-O-(S)-hexahydroxydiphenoyl-D-glucose.The Latin specific epithet sieboldiana refers to German physician and botanist Philipp Franz von Siebold (1796–1866).	botanist philipp franz von siebold,latin specific epithet sieboldiana refers,alder species found,sieboldiana contains,alnus sieboldiana,german physician,ellagitannins alnusiin,)- hexahydroxydiphenoyl,オオバヤシャブシ,tellimagrandin,suwanose,shikoku,pedunculagin,jima,japanese,japan,islands,honshū,glucose,casuarinin,casuariin,2,-(
Were You Always an Italian?	italian,always
Jim Lewis (born 1955) is an American writer known for his work with The Jim Henson Company and The Muppets.	american writer known,jim henson company,jim lewis,work,muppets
Oud-Beijerland (Dutch pronunciation: [ˌʌu̯d ˈbɛi̯ərlɑnt] (listen)) is a town and municipality in the western Netherlands, in the province of South Holland.	ˈbɛi ̯ ərlɑnt,ˌʌu ̯,western netherlands,south holland,listen )),dutch pronunciation,town,province,oud,municipality,beijerland
Napsbury Park is a residential development in Hertfordshire, England.	residential development,napsbury park,hertfordshire,england
Freedom of religion in Ukraine refers to the extent to which people in Ukraine are freely able to practice their religious beliefs, taking into account both government policies and societal attitudes toward religious groups.	societal attitudes toward religious groups,religious beliefs,government policies,freely able,ukraine refers,ukraine,taking,religion,practice,people,freedom,extent,account
Marko Basara (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Бaсapa; born July 27, 1984 in Belgrade) is a Serbian football midfielder who currently plays for OFK Beograd in the Serbian First League.He had previously played with Serbian clubs FK Teleoptik, FK Beograd, FK Voždovac, Čukarički Stankom, Bosnian NK Jedinstvo Bihać, FK Kozara Gradiška, FK Radnik Bijeljina, Hungarian BFC Siófok, Romanian CS Pandurii Târgu Jiu and Iranian Tractor Sazi F.C..	romanian cs pandurii târgu jiu,iranian tractor sazi f,bosnian nk jedinstvo bihać,serbian clubs fk teleoptik,serbian football midfielder,serbian first league,hungarian bfc siófok,fk radnik bijeljina,fk kozara gradiška,serbian cyrillic,fk voždovac,fk beograd,марко бaсapa,čukarički stankom,previously played,ofk beograd,marko basara,currently plays,c ..,belgrade
A Treatise Concerning the Principles of Human Knowledge (commonly called Treatise when referring to Berkeley's works) is a 1710 work, in English, by Irish Empiricist philosopher George Berkeley.	irish empiricist philosopher george berkeley,commonly called treatise,treatise concerning,human knowledge,berkeley,works,referring,principles,english
Samat Amangeldyyevich Sarsenov (Russian: Самат Амангелдыевич Сарсенов; born 19 August 1996) is a Russian born, Kazakhstan U-21 international  football midfielder who plays for FC Kairat in the Kazakhstan Premier League.	born 19 august 1996,самат амангелдыевич сарсенов,samat amangeldyyevich sarsenov,kazakhstan premier league,russian born,kazakhstan u,fc kairat,russian,plays
The Kia Pregio was a rear-wheel drive cabover van and minibus based on the Kia Bongo and manufactured by Kia Motors from November 1995.	wheel drive cabover van,minibus based,kia pregio,kia motors,kia bongo,rear,manufactured
King's College London Students' Union (KCLSU) is the oldest students' union in England.	college london students,oldest students,union,king,kclsu,england
Carenum dispar is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Scaritinae.	subfamily scaritinae,ground beetle,carenum dispar,species
Survivor Activating Factor Enhancement (SAFE) is a metabolic pathway.	survivor activating factor enhancement,metabolic pathway,safe
Horehound is the debut studio album by American rock band The Dead Weather.	debut studio album,american rock band,dead weather,horehound
Lionel Chok Ko Hon is a Singaporean film-maker and director.	lionel chok ko hon,singaporean film,maker,director
Tsimafana is a town and commune (Malagasy: kaominina) in Madagascar.	tsimafana,town,malagasy,madagascar,kaominina,commune
Ningchou is a village located south of Ukhrul in Ukhrul district, Manipur state, India.	village located south,manipur state,ukhrul district,ukhrul,ningchou,india
Argument to moderation (Latin: argumentum ad temperantiam)—also known as false equivalence, false compromise, [argument from] middle ground,  equidistance fallacy, and the golden mean fallacy—is an informal fallacy which asserts that the truth must be found as a compromise between two opposite positions.	argumentum ad temperantiam )— also known,golden mean fallacy —,two opposite positions,informal fallacy,equidistance fallacy,truth must,middle ground,false equivalence,false compromise,compromise,moderation,latin,found,asserts,argument
"Redeemed" is a song by contemporary Christian band Big Daddy Weave from their 2012 album Love Come to Life.	contemporary christian band big daddy weave,song,redeemed,life
The Carnival in Rio de Janeiro (Portuguese: Carnaval do Rio de Janeiro) is a festival held every year before Lent and considered the biggest carnival in the world with two million people per day on the streets.	two million people per day,festival held every year,rio de janeiro,biggest carnival,carnival,world,streets,portuguese,lent,considered,carnaval
Adjintimey is an arrondissement in the Kouffo department of Benin.	kouffo department,benin,arrondissement,adjintimey
Acer gracilifolium is an Asian species of maple.	asian species,acer gracilifolium,maple
Houle Island is a low rocky island 2 kilometres (1 nmi) west of Ressac Island and about 6 kilometres (3.5 nmi) north-northeast of Zelee Glacier Tongue, Antarctica.	zelee glacier tongue,ressac island,houle island,1 nmi,west,northeast,north,antarctica
Horace Mann Thu-Jaune (born December 20, 1963 in Farafangana) is a Malagasy politician.	horace mann thu,malagasy politician,jaune,farafangana
İnönü University is a public university in Malatya, Turkey.	public university,i̇nönü university,turkey,malatya
Amerila myrrha is a nomen nudum moth taxon of the subfamily Arctiinae.	nomen nudum moth taxon,subfamily arctiinae,amerila myrrha
Rolando Antonio Blackman (born February 26, 1959) is a retired Panamanian-born American professional basketball player.	born american professional basketball player,rolando antonio blackman,retired panamanian
Phenacovolva fusula is a species of sea snail, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Ovulidae, the ovulids, cowry allies or false cowries.	marine gastropod mollusk,sea snail,phenacovolva fusula,family ovulidae,false cowries,cowry allies,species,ovulids
Senate elections were held for the first time in Thailand on 4 March 2000.	senate elections,first time,thailand,held
Geothermal power in Australia is little used but growing.	little used,geothermal power,growing,australia
Barkelsby (Danish: Barkelsby) is a municipality in the district of Rendsburg-Eckernförde, in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.	schleswig,rendsburg,municipality,holstein,germany,eckernförde,district,danish,barkelsby
Mecyclothorax maunakukini is a species of ground beetle in the subfamily Psydrinae.	subfamily psydrinae,mecyclothorax maunakukini,ground beetle,species
Dogsthorpe is a residential area and electoral ward of the city of Peterborough, Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom.	united kingdom,residential area,electoral ward,peterborough,dogsthorpe,city,cambridgeshire
Teleutias (Greek: Τελευτίας) was the brother of the Spartan king Agesilaus II, and a Spartan naval commander in the Corinthian War.	spartan king agesilaus ii,spartan naval commander,corinthian war,τελευτίας,teleutias,greek,brother
Elizabeth Hausler is the founder and CEO of Build Change, a nonprofit that develops housing that can resist earthquakes.	resist earthquakes,elizabeth hausler,develops housing,build change,nonprofit,founder,ceo
Linyovo (Russian: Линёво) is the name of several localities in Russia:

Linyovo, Novosibirsk Oblast, an urban-type settlement in Iskitimsky District in Novosibirsk Oblast;
Linyovo, Volgograd Oblast, an work settlement in Zhirnovsky District in Volgograd Oblast.	zhirnovsky district,work settlement,volgograd oblast,type settlement,several localities,novosibirsk oblast,iskitimsky district,линёво,urban,russian,russia,name,linyovo
Nicolas Devilder and Paul-Henri Mathieu were the defending champion, but they chose to participate that year.	nicolas devilder,henri mathieu,defending champion,year,paul,participate,chose
Caíque da Silva Maria (born 14 June 1998) is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays for São Paulo FC as a forward.	caíque da silva maria,são paulo fc,brazilian professional footballer,plays,forward
Asaf Kutdusovich Abdrakhmanov (Russian: Аса́ф Кутду́сович Абдрахма́нов Tatar: Asaf Qotdus uğlı Ğabderaxmanov, Асаф Котдус улы Габдерахманов ; December 20, 1918 — September 3, 2000) was a Soviet naval figure of Tatar ethnicity and a Hero of the Soviet Union during World War II.


== Biography ==
Abdrakhmanov was born on December 20, 1918 in Agryz, which is now located in Tatarstan.	аса ́ ф кутду ́ сович абдрахма ́ нов tatar,асаф котдус улы габдерахманов,asaf qotdus uğlı ğabderaxmanov,== biography == abdrakhmanov,asaf kutdusovich abdrakhmanov,world war ii,soviet naval figure,tatar ethnicity,soviet union,1918,tatarstan,russian,located,hero,born,agryz
"We'll Be Together Again" is a 1945 popular song composed by Carl T. Fischer, with lyrics by Frankie Laine.	frankie laine,together,lyrics,fischer,carl
Andrew Shore, (born 30 September 1952) is an English operatic baritone.	english operatic baritone,andrew shore
Gastrocopta is a genus of minute air-breathing land snails, terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks or micromollusks in the family Gastrocoptidae.	terrestrial pulmonate gastropod mollusks,breathing land snails,minute air,family gastrocoptidae,micromollusks,genus,gastrocopta
The Force Protection Ocelot is a British armoured vehicle that is scheduled to replace the United Kingdom's Snatch Land Rover with British forces.	snatch land rover,force protection ocelot,british armoured vehicle,british forces,united kingdom,scheduled,replace
King Chungsuk of Goryeo (30 July 1294 – 3 May 1339) was king of the Goryeo (Korea), from 1313 to 1330 and again from 1332 to 1339.	korea ),,king chungsuk,king,goryeo,1330
Castello Tramontano is a 16th century fortification in Matera.	castello tramontano,matera
Adrian Poparadu (born 13 October 1987 in Timişoara) is a Romanian professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for ACS Dumbrăvița.	romanian professional footballer,adrian poparadu,acs dumbrăvița,timişoara,plays,midfielder
MY Shemara is a motor yacht built in 1938 by John I. Thornycroft & Company to the order of Bernard Docker.	motor yacht built,bernard docker,thornycroft,shemara,order,john,company
Herttoniemi metro station (Finnish: Herttoniemen metroasema, Swedish: Hertonäs metrostation) is a ground-level station on the Helsinki Metro.	herttoniemi metro station,level station,helsinki metro,herttoniemen metroasema,hertonäs metrostation,swedish,ground,finnish
The Shining Hour is a 1938 American romantic drama film directed by Frank Borzage, based on the 1934 play 
The Shining Hour by Keith Winter, and starring Joan Crawford and Margaret Sullavan.	starring joan crawford,shining hour,margaret sullavan,keith winter,frank borzage,based
Lars Johan Hierta (Swedish: [ˈlɑːʂ ²juːan ²jæʈːa]; 22 January 1801 – 20 November 1872) was a Swedish newspaper publisher, social critic, businessman and politician.	lars johan hierta,swedish newspaper publisher,social critic,swedish,politician,businessman
Ken Jones is an American activist.	ken jones,american activist
Rhacophorus jarujini is a species of frog in the family Rhacophoridae.	rhacophorus jarujini,family rhacophoridae,species,frog
"I'll Be" is a song written and sung by American singer Edwin McCain.	american singer edwin mccain,song written,sung
Chōjū-jinbutsu-giga (鳥獣人物戯画, literally "Animal-person Caricatures"), commonly shortened to Chōjū-giga (鳥獣戯画, literally "Animal Caricatures"), is a famous set of four picture scrolls, or emakimono, belonging to Kōzan-ji temple in Kyoto, Japan.	person caricatures "), commonly shortened,animal caricatures "),,four picture scrolls,ji temple,famous set,animal,鳥獣戯画,鳥獣人物戯画,literally,kōzan,kyoto,jinbutsu,japan,giga,emakimono,chōjū,belonging
Killara High School is a coeducational public secondary school, located on Koola Avenue in East Killara, Sydney.	coeducational public secondary school,killara high school,east killara,koola avenue,sydney,located
The Regional Parks Botanic Garden is a 10-acre (4 hectare) botanical garden located in Tilden Regional Park in the Berkeley Hills, east of Berkeley, California, in the United States.	regional parks botanic garden,tilden regional park,botanical garden located,united states,berkeley hills,berkeley,east,california,acre
The International Center for Academic Integrity (ICAI) at Clemson University is a consortium of learning institutions dedicated to the belief that integrity is at the heart of the educational enterprise.	learning institutions dedicated,international center,educational enterprise,clemson university,academic integrity,integrity,icai,heart,consortium,belief
Tim Pusey (born 26 August 1992 in Perth) is an Australian professional darts player who plays in Professional Darts Corporation events.	professional darts corporation events,australian professional darts player,tim pusey,plays,perth
Good Friday Prayer can refer to any of the prayers prayed by Christians on Good Friday, the Friday before Easter, or to all such prayers collectively.	good friday prayer,good friday,prayers prayed,prayers collectively,friday,refer,easter,christians
thyssenkrupp AG  is a German multinational conglomerate with focus on industrial engineering and steel production.	german multinational conglomerate,thyssenkrupp ag,steel production,industrial engineering,focus
Jeyhun Hajibeyli (Hajibeyov, Gadjibekoff) (1891–1962) was an Azerbaijani publicist, journalist and ethnographer.	jeyhun hajibeyli,azerbaijani publicist,journalist,hajibeyov,gadjibekoff,ethnographer
The 1987 Fujifilm Trophy was the competition of the 1987–88 figure skating season and a senior-level international invitational competition.	level international invitational competition,competition,senior
Rebelution is a reggae rock music band formed in Isla Vista, California.	reggae rock music band formed,isla vista,rebelution,california
Han Song-hyok (born  4 August 1993) is a North Korean professional footballer who plays as a midfielder.	north korean professional footballer,han song,plays,midfielder,hyok
Cleveland Francis (born April 22, 1945 in Jennings, Louisiana) is an American country music singer, one of few African Americans in that genre.	american country music singer,cleveland francis,african americans,one,louisiana,jennings,genre
Séan Joseph McClory (8 March 1924 – 10 December 2003) was an Irish actor whose career spanned six decades and included well over 100 films and television series.	irish actor whose career spanned six decades,séan joseph mcclory,television series,included well
Ballot Measure 7, an Oregon, United States ballot initiative that passed with over 53% approval in 2000, amended the Oregon Constitution, requiring the government to reimburse land owners when regulations reduced the value of their property.	united states ballot initiative,reimburse land owners,regulations reduced,oregon constitution,oregon,value,requiring,property,passed,government,approval,amended,2000
Bundey is a locality in the Mid North region of South Australia.	mid north region,south australia,locality,bundey
Chew Cottage is an historic building in Wellington, New Zealand.The house, originally named "Millwood", was built in 1865 for John and Ester Chew.	originally named,new zealand,millwood ",,historic building,ester chew,chew cottage,wellington,john,house,built
Lactarius cyanescens is a member of the large milk-cap genus Lactarius in the order Russulales.	cap genus lactarius,lactarius cyanescens,order russulales,large milk,member
The 2018–19 Anaheim Ducks season was the 26th season for the National Hockey League franchise that was established on June 15, 1993.	national hockey league franchise,june 15,established
William Heise (1847–1910) was an American film cinematographer and director, active in the 1890s and credited for more than 175 short silent films.	american film cinematographer,william heise,director,credited,active
Otoroncane (possibly from Aymara uturunqa, uturunqha, uturunqu, uturunqhu tiger (here referring to the jaguar), -ni a suffix to indicate ownership, "the one with the jaguar") is a 5,305-metre-high (17,405 ft)  mountain in the Vilcanota mountain range in the Andes of Peru.	vilcanota mountain range,uturunqhu tiger,jaguar ),,jaguar "),indicate ownership,aymara uturunqa,mountain,uturunqu,uturunqha,suffix,referring,possibly,peru,otoroncane,one,ni,metre,high,andes,305
Jillian Terceira is a competitive equestrian racer based out of Eindhoven, the Netherlands, and is of Bermudan origin.	competitive equestrian racer based,jillian terceira,bermudan origin,netherlands,eindhoven
Lawyer jokes, which predate Shakespeare's era, are commonly told by those outside the profession as an expression of contempt, scorn and derision.	predate shakespeare,lawyer jokes,commonly told,scorn,profession,outside,expression,era,derision,contempt
The General Film Company was a motion picture distribution company in the United States.	motion picture distribution company,general film company,united states
Bhagya Devathe (Kannada: ಭಾಗ್ಯ ದೇವತೆ) is a 1968 Indian Kannada film, directed by Rathnakar-Madhu and produced by V Sundareshan.	ಭ ಾ ಗ ್ ಯ ದ ೇ ವತ ೆ),v sundareshan,bhagya devathe,kannada,rathnakar,produced,madhu,directed
Hypotension is low blood pressure, especially in the arteries of the left sided systemic circulation.	left sided systemic circulation,low blood pressure,hypotension,especially,arteries
John Lane (November 28, 1818 – April 2, 1890) was an Irish-born political figure.	born political figure,john lane,irish
Watercolor Fairies is an educational art book published 2003 a compilation of the 21st century contemporary visual art movement of fairies and fantasy featuring the art of the foremost artists of this new movement.	educational art book published 2003,new movement,foremost artists,fantasy featuring,art,watercolor fairies,fairies,compilation
The John Lair House near Shawhan, Kentucky was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1983.	john lair house near shawhan,national register,historic places,listed,kentucky
UTC+06:00 is an identifier for a time offset from UTC of +06:00.	time offset,utc,identifier,00
The 1930 British Empire Games were the first of what later became known as the Commonwealth Games, and were held in Hamilton, in the province of Ontario in Canada from 16–23 August 1930.	1930 british empire games,later became known,commonwealth games,province,ontario,held,hamilton,first,canada
José María Sanz Beltrán, Loquillo or Loco (born 21 December 1960) is a Spanish rock singer.	josé maría sanz beltrán,spanish rock singer,loquillo,loco
"Commonwealth Games" is an episode of the award-winning British comedy television series The Goodies.	winning british comedy television series,commonwealth games,goodies,episode,award
The Cosby Show is an American television sitcom starring Bill Cosby, which aired for eight seasons on NBC from 1984 until 1992.	american television sitcom starring bill cosby,cosby show,eight seasons,nbc,aired,1984
Kirstie van Haaften (born 21 January 1999) is a Dutch professional racing cyclist.	dutch professional racing cyclist,kirstie van haaften
Kate Silverton (born 4 August 1970) is an English journalist, currently employed by the BBC. Generally a relief presenter for the BBC, Silverton can be seen regularly presenting the BBC News at One, BBC News at Six, BBC News at Ten, and BBC Weekend News, as well as making occasional appearances on the BBC News Channel and BBC World News.	seen regularly presenting,making occasional appearances,bbc world news,bbc weekend news,bbc news channel,bbc news,relief presenter,english journalist,currently employed,kate silverton,bbc,silverton,well,ten,six,one,generally
Cecile van der Merwe (born 16 April 1987), is a South African Woman International Master (WIM, 2004).	south african woman international master,cecile van der merwe,wim
Gut River is a river, beach and small hamlet on an isolated stretch of south facing coastline in Manchester, Jamaica.	south facing coastline,small hamlet,isolated stretch,gut river,river,manchester,jamaica,beach
The Ruby River Basin Group is a geologic group in Montana.	ruby river basin group,geologic group,montana
Jimmy Daley (born 24 September 1973) is a retired English cricketer.	retired english cricketer,jimmy daley
The Ghost Goes Wild is a 1947 American comedy film directed by George Blair and written by Randall Faye.	ghost goes wild,randall faye,george blair,written
The Last Plantation (Portuguese: Fogo morto) is a 1976 Brazilian drama film directed by Marcos Farias.	marcos farias,last plantation,fogo morto,portuguese
Hydraschema obliquevittata is a species of beetle in the family Cerambycidae.	hydraschema obliquevittata,family cerambycidae,species,beetle
Işılay Saygın l (born April 4, 1947) is a Turkish architect, politician, and four-time government minister between 1995 and 1999.	time government minister,işılay saygın l,turkish architect,politician,four,1995
Camp Hancock Site on Main Ave.	camp hancock site,main ave
Patricia Janet Scotland, Baroness Scotland of Asthal  (born 19 August 1955) is a British politician and barrister who served in ministerial positions within the UK Government, most notably as the  Attorney General for England and Wales and Advocate General for Northern Ireland.	ministerial positions within,patricia janet scotland,baroness scotland,uk government,northern ireland,british politician,attorney general,advocate general,wales,served,notably,england,barrister,asthal
Shrines is the debut studio album by Canadian electronic band Purity Ring, which was released through 4AD and Last Gang Records on July 20, 2012.	canadian electronic band purity ring,last gang records,debut studio album,shrines,released,2012
The Epigloeaceae are a family of fungi in the Ascomycota phylum.	ascomycota phylum,fungi,family,epigloeaceae
Scholasticus was an exarch of Ravenna (713-723).	scholasticus,ravenna,exarch
Outwood Viaduct is a Grade II listed railway viaduct crossing the River Irwell in Radcliffe, Greater Manchester.	grade ii listed railway viaduct crossing,outwood viaduct,river irwell,greater manchester,radcliffe
The Vernons Girls were an English musical ensemble of female vocalists.	english musical ensemble,vernons girls,female vocalists
Live at the 9:30 Club is the seventh album by rock band Virginia Coalition.	rock band virginia coalition,seventh album,live
